# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2067

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Within the span of just two breaths, the shrieking ceased, and the streak of light was incinerated into nothingness.

The purple-haired woman didn't hesitate any longer upon seeing this and immediately attacked the other devilish spirit.

She hurled her halberd through the air, and a tiger's roar rang out as the halberd transformed into a giant horned tiger projection, then released a pillar of black light out of its mouth, which stuck the other devilish spirit in a flash.

The body that was possessed by the devilish spirit and the white head were torn into countless pieces amid a violent explosion, immediately following which the woman rubbed her hands together before raising them toward the distance.

Ball of black flames erupted forth in a frenzy before sweeping up the fragments of the devilish spirit and setting them alight.

The purple-haired woman then waved a hand to draw her halberd back to herself before appraising the black flames with a faint smile on her face.

It seemed that these devilish spirits weren't as troublesome to deal with as the records had suggested.

However, as soon as this thought appeared in her mind, the black flames in the distance suddenly exploded, and wisps of devilish flames erupted forth in all directions, among which were interspersed countless thumb-sized specks of light.

These specks of light detached themselves from the devilish flames, then converged toward the same spot to form a faint white figure.

The black devilish flames she had unleashed were completely unable to harm this devilish spirit!

The woman drew a sharp breath upon seeing this, and only then did she realize that the silver flames released by Han Li were no ordinary flames.

Right at this moment, the devilish spirit hurtled directly toward her as a streak of white light, and within the blink of an eye, it was only several tens of feet away from her.

The woman was slightly alarmed to see this, but she didn't panic in the slightest as she swept her halberd through the air to unleash countless streaks of black light that plunged down toward the white light.

At the same time, she made a hand seal with her other hand to release a ball of green light, which swelled to the size of a wagon wheel in the blink of an eye, revealing itself to be a crescent-shaped blade.

The oncoming streak of white light didn't take any evasive measures as it crashed headfirst into the black light and green blade.

The white figure then somehow passed directly through the opposing attacks before pouncing directly toward the purple-haired woman.

The purple-haired woman's expression changed slightly upon seeing this, and she suddenly rose up slightly before hurling her halberd through the air while launching her other fist toward the white figure at the same time.

Her fist appeared to be very delicate, but as it was thrust through the air, a patch of space that was several tens of feet in size abruptly collapsed. A grey ball of light then emerged, and all of the surrounding air surged toward it in a frenzy.

"Spatial power!" A hint of surprise appeared on Han Li's face upon seeing this.

The devilish spirit was situated right within the ball of light, and it began to struggle violently as its body transformed and contorted into different shapes. However, it was slowly but inevitably drawn toward the center of the ball of light by that burst of strange suction force.

The purple-haired woman was ecstatic to see this, and a layer of grey light appeared over her other hand, which she thrust toward the same direction.

A dull thump rang out, and the existing ball of grey light shuddered before the suction force that was emanating from it intensified by around twofold.

The devilish spirit was unable to resist any longer, and it was drawn to the center of the ball of grey light before being shredded into smithereens by a burst of power that resembled countless sharp blades.

A faint smile appeared on the purple-haired woman's face as she made a hand seal, then pointed a finger toward the grey light, planning to unleash a powerful secret technique to completely destroy the trapped devilish spirit.

However, right at this moment, Han Li suddenly raised an eyebrow, and said, "Look out!"

The purple-haired woman faltered slightly upon hearing this, and before she could figure out what Han Li was referring to, several hundred threads of white light suddenly erupted out of the grey light up ahead before striking her body in a flash.

Several layers of light barriers appeared around her, but the white threads passed through them as if they didn't exist before striking her suit of pristine white armor.

Balls of white light erupted out of the suit of armor upon being struck by the white threads, and within those balls of white light were silver runes of different sizes that temporarily kept the white threads at bay.

However, the white threads seemed to be imbued with extremely fearsome power, and the purple-haired woman was sent flying back in an uncontrollable manner.

Immediately thereafter, the white threads converged to form the white figure again, and it quickly reached out toward her with both hands.

A pair of massive hands of light that were around 10 feet in size each appeared out of thin air, then grabbed viciously toward her. Before they had even come into contact with her, two bursts of enormous force were already sweeping toward her body.

The woman's face paled at the sight of the powerful attack, and she knew that if she were to be struck by the attack, would definitely at least be severely wounded, if not killed on the spot. As such, she could only grit her teeth and fight for her life.

A layer of crimson Qi appeared over her face while black light flashed behind her, and a menacing devilish projection with a tiger's head and a human's body emerged. The devilish projection let loose a low roar, and reached out toward the pair of massive hands of light with its devilish paws.

However, the woman had still underestimated the devilish spirit's powers.

In the instant that the pair of hands came into contact with the devilish paws, they suddenly twisted and flashed past the devilish paws at an incredible angle before crashing down toward the purple-haired woman's head.

The purple-haired woman's face paled even further upon seeing this, but it was too late for her to do anything, and she could only inject her magic power into her suit of armor in a frenzy, preparing to withstand the attack with her body.

Just as the giant hands were about to reach her, spatial fluctuations suddenly erupted nearby, and two balls of silver flames shot forth in a flash to strike the pair of huge hands.

A resounding boom rang out as the pair of hands was inundated by the silver flames, then instantly incinerated into nothingness.

In the next instant, the two bursts of silver flames combined as one, transforming into a silver Fire Raven that was around 10 feet in size before flying toward the devilish spirit.

Han Li had finally stepped in in the woman's hour of need.

The devilish spirit was clearly very fearful of the silver flames, and it instantly shot back over 100 feet in a wraith-like manner before expelling bursts of reddish-purple light out of its mouth.

These bursts of light then transformed into several tens of streaks of purple sword Qi that struck the silver Fire Raven in a flash, but Fire Raven remained completely unscathed while the streaks of purple sword Qi were all incinerated into nothingness.

However, the silver Fire Raven was slowed down slightly by the streaks of sword Qi, and the devilish spirit took advantage of this opportunity to flee back into the stone wall, where it disappeared.

Han Li's expression changed slightly upon seeing this, and he waved a hand toward the silver Fire Raven, upon which it immediately returned to him as a ball of silver flames, then vanished into his body in a flash.

The purple-haired woman was greatly relieved as she steadied herself, then hurriedly extended a grateful salute toward Han Li from afar. "Thank you for your assistance, Brother Han. If you hadn't stepped in, I would've truly been in severe peril. I'll be sure to repay you for this."

"You're welcome, Fellow Daoist; I agreed to lend you my assistance, so it's only expected of me to step in when you're in danger. It's a pity we let that devilish spirit get away; it seems to possess quite a high level of intelligence, so it'll be very difficult to capture it again," Han Li replied with a smile.

"You're far too modest, Brother Han. Indeed, we'll have to eradicate this devilish spirit if we want to resume normal operations in this mine, but let's take care of that devilish beast first," the purple-haired woman said with a wry smile before flying toward the other battle.

There, the molten giant was releasing boundless crimson flames, and even though it was clearly on the back foot, it was still attacking the thee devilish lords with immense ferocity, unleashing green fireballs the size of pavilions with its massive fists.

The giant fireballs were imbued with formidable power, and even the three devilish lords were forced to evade them, not daring to oppose them head-on.

As expected of a devilish beast that was comparable in power to a late-Body Integration Stage being; it truly wouldn't be an easy task for the three devilish lords to defeat.

After ascertaining the situation, a faint smile appeared on Han Li's face, and he made a hand seal, following which a golden projection with three heads and six arms appeared behind him amid a burst of surging devilish Qi.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2067
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
