# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2095

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Han Li was currently holding a small palm-sized cauldron that was several inches tall and flashing with dazzling purple light.

"That's the Purple Word Cauldron! Doesn't that thing belong to Xue Guang? How did it end up in your hands? You're delusional if you think a mere Profound Heavenly Treasure replica can withstand an attack from my Black Devil Dagger!" The black-robed young man was initially rather taken aback by the sight of the purple cauldron, but a cold expression then immediately appeared on his face. [1]

As soon as his voice trailed off, countless black threads appeared around Han Li again, then converged toward him from all sides.

Han Li's expression darkened slightly upon seeing this, and he tossed the small purple cauldron upward, then made a hand seal before pointing up at it while uttering the word "restrict".

An azure pillar of light erupted from his fingertip before injecting itself into the small cauldron as pure spiritual power.

Dazzling light immediately erupted from the treasure, and an ancient "restrict" character flew out before expanding to over 100 times its original size, transforming into a vast purple projection that enshrouded Han Li's entire body.

Immediately thereafter, the black threads struck the projection amid a string of resounding booms.

Black and purple light intertwined, and the black threads were naturally extremely powerful, but the Purple Word Cauldron was also one of the most powerful Profound Heavenly Treasure replicas in existence. On top of that, it had already been completely refined by Han Li, and now that he was unleashing its full power, the purple projection it had unleashed had taken on a substantial crystalline form.

The black threads were an attack unleashed by a true Profound Heavenly Treasure, but it was only a nonchalant attack unleashed by the black-robed young man, so the purple projection was able to keep them at bay.

The black-robed young man's expression remained unchanged upon seeing this, but a cold light had appeared in his eyes.

At the same time, black light flashed from his sword-wielding hand, in the next instant, a sharp screeching sound rang out from the giant purple rune projection.

The black threads shuddered slightly as their power increased by over twofold, and the seemingly indestructible purple projection was completely destroyed, allowing the black threads to continue to converge toward Han Li.

Han Li's expression changed drastically upon seeing this, and he switched to another hand seal to try and unleash another one of the Purple Word Cauldron's abilities, but it was already too late.

An anguished screech rang out from the small purple cauldron, followed by a crisp crack, and it exploded into a ball of purple light. What remained of the purple rune projection also instantly vanished as a result, leaving Han Li completely vulnerable to the oncoming black threads.

Han Li's expression darkened even further as he immediately clenched his fists and let loose an earth-shattering roar.

All of a sudden, countless black runes surged out of his body, then manifested into a suit of inky-black armor.

At the same time, a golden body projection with three heads and six arms emerged behind him amid a flash of golden light. The projection swept its six arms through the air, and a ball of golden light erupted out of each of its hands before converging to form a massive golden vortex.

A resounding boom rang out from within the vortex, and countless golden runes erupted forth, transforming into bursts of enormous force that swept up the converging black threads.

Meanwhile, golden light surged over the surface of the projection, and it took on a substantial form. A suit of indistinct golden armor appeared over its body, and it immediately positioned itself in front of Han Li.

The golden body then opened its six expressionless golden eyes before swinging its arms rapidly through the air, instantly unleashing countless golden fist projections that swept forth in all directions.

As for Han Li himself, he stomped a foot down onto the space beneath him and propelled himself backward like a speeding arrow.

At the same time, countless arcs of golden lightning sprang forth from his Thunderstorm Wings, then transforming into balls of golden lightning that hurtled directly toward the black threads.

Simultaneously, azure light flashed from within Han Li's sleeves, and 72 small flying swords surged forth in a frenzy.

As soon as these small swords appeared, they transformed into 72 streaks of azure sword Qi, which converged to form a massive azure sword mountain projection. The sound of howling wind and rumbling thunder could be heard coming from the projection, and it crashed into the part of the black net that was behind Han Li.

An earth-shattering boom rang out as a scintillating azure sun emerged within the black net, sending violent energy fluctuations surging through the air.

All of the balls of golden lightning also vanished into the azure sun in a flash, creating an incandescent ball of light as a string of explosions rang out in the nearby space.

A surprised expression appeared on the black-robed young man's face for the very first time upon seeing this.

The Long Family patriarch's eyes lit up, and he hurriedly transmitted his voice toward the woman from the Ye Family and Bai Qi, telling them to run away before fleeing as a streak of golden light himself.

Of course, he wasn't doing this out of the kindness of his heart; he was simply hoping that there would be a greater chance for himself to make a successful escape if all of them were to flee at once.

The woman from the Ye Family immediately flapped her fiery wings upon hearing this voice transmission, flying away toward a different direction.

In contrast, Bai Qi merely remained still on the spot, displaying no intention to flee the scene.

The Long Family patriarch was rather bewildered to see this, and he sped up even further, covering a distance over 10,000 feet after just a few flashes. In the blink of an eye, he had reached the green light barrier above the valley and was about to fly out of it.

Meanwhile, the woman from the Ye Family had also reached the edge of the valley and abruptly disappeared into space, unleashing a spatial ability to teleport herself out of the light barrier.

If they could make it out of the valley and flee toward different directions, there was a good chance that at least one of them would be able to survive.

Strangely enough, the black-robed young man made no attempt to stop them. Instead, he merely looked on with a derisive sneer on his face.

In the instant that the Long Family patriarch came into contact with the light barrier, a dull thump rang out, and he was repelled back as if he had struck an impregnable fortress.

The Long Family patriarch quickly steadied himself, but his heart completely sank in this desperate situation.

Under normal circumstances, he was confident that he would be able to figure out a way to break through this restriction, but it was clear that this would be impossible in the presence of a Sacred Ancestor.

At the same time, the woman from the Ye Family, who had just vanished into space, was forced to reappear in front of the light barrier as well.

She frantically unleashed a few more types of spatial secret techniques to bypass the light barrier, all to no avail, and all of the color was drained from her face.

All of a sudden, a thunderous ape's roar rang out in the air above the pond, and two resounding booms rang out as the dazzling light there faded to reveal two tornados and a massive black figure.

The gigantic black figure quickly sprang back and appeared several hundred feet away from its original location, revealing itself to be a black-armored golden ape that was over 100 feet tall, holding an azure mountain and a black mountain in its hands.

In that dire situation, Han Li had taken on his Giant Mountain Ape form, and only then was he just barely able to escape from the black threads by relying on his extraordinary strength, extreme mountains, Divine Devilbane Lightning, and Provenance Golden Body.

Even so, his suit of devilish armor was currently riddled with countless thin cracks that were slowly sealing by themselves.

On top of that, Han Li had only managed to escape as he had used a true Profound Heavenly Treasure on several past occasions, thereby making him rather familiar with treasures of this caliber.

If the Long Family patriarch or the woman from the Ye Family had been in his place, even if they possessed his abilities, they would've panicked and been killed nonetheless.

"Very impressive! Looks like I made the right decision to come here. Not only have I encountered a Faux Immortal Puppet, this is the first time I've seen a human who's been able to cultivate a true spirit bloodline to such an extreme extent. You have more than one true spirit bloodline within your body, right? Show me what other abilities you have. Otherwise, I'll be unleashing close to half of my Black Devil Dagger's power in my next attack, and it'll be very difficult for you to survive that. As for you two, just give up on trying to get away. This island is known as the Bitter Spirit Island, and this valley is the Spirit Trapping Valley; all Spirit Realm beings who enter this place are destined to be destroyed," the black-robed young man chortled as he brandished his giant black sword.

"Brother Long, Fairy Ye, if we combine our powers, there's a slim chance that we'll be able to make it out of this alive. Otherwise, we'll be divided and conquered. Fellow Daoist Bai, I don't know what you're plotting, but do you really think you'll be able to survive this ordeal on your own?" the golden ape roared in a thunderous voice.

1. No idea when the cauldron suddenly became a replica. The author sorta just threw this in here completely at random.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2095
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
