# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2098

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

However, a layer of glacial Qi suddenly appeared over the Faux Immortal Puppet's body, and it vanished on the spot before reappearing over 100 feet away. As a result, the black-robed young man was left grabbing onto nothing more than empty air.

The Faux Immortal Puppet turned toward the black-robed young man with a pair of cold golden eyes, and said, "How dare you slay my juniors in cold blood? You leave me with no choice but fight you with this Faux Immortal Puppet body!"

The Faux Immortal Puppet had been possessed by another wisp of the Spirit Monarch's soul!

Han Li's trio was naturally ecstatic to see this.

Even though the Spirit Monarch wasn't an ally of theirs, an enemy of an enemy was close enough to an ally at a time like this.

Sacred Ancestor Yuan Yan's expression darkened as he slowly withdrew his outstretched hand. "So you had concealed another wisp of your soul within your junior's body, but do you really think you have what it takes to fight me with that crude Faux Immortal Puppet as a vessel? I'll only need to use 20% of my power to crush you!"

"Perhaps that would be true elsewhere, but here on this Bitter Spirit Island, you'll only be able to use 30% to 40% of your power at most. This Faux Immortal Puppet may be damaged, but let's see how you're going to deal with it once I use this on it!" the Spirit Monarch said in an enraged voice before flipping a hand over to produce a small shimmering silver vial.

The vial had an extremely bumpy surface that had countless tiny runes inscribed upon it.

The black-robed young man was initially stunned by the sight of the silver vial, but a cold smile then immediately appeared on his face. "That's a Spirit Sealing Vial! I'm impressed that you were able to replicate this item successfully, but what is that thing going to be able to do to me?"

"The vial itself naturally won't be able to do anything to you, but the substance within the vial can dramatically enhance this Faux Immortal Puppet's powers," the Faux Immortal Puppet replied in a cold voice before tossing the vial up into the air.

The small vial tipped itself over, and the silver runes on its surface flashed, following which a drop of shimmering green liquid dripped out of the vial.

The drop of liquid was releasing astonishing spiritual Qi, as if it were entirely manifested from the spiritual Qi of heaven and earth.

Han Li immediately sensed a familiar aura from the drop of green liquid, and his pupils contracted drastically with astonishment.

"This aura... It's significantly diluted, but there's no mistaking it!" An astonished look also appeared on the black-robed young man's face in the instant that he caught sight of the drop of green liquid, and he immediately slashed his black sword violently through the air, unleashing seven or eight crescent sword projections, all of which instantly converged to form one massive sword projection that hurtled directly toward the Faux Immortal Puppet.

At the same time, he raised his other arm and flicked a finger through the air like lightning, sending a streak of black light hurtling directly toward the drop of green liquid.

At such a close range, the two attacks reached the Faux Immortal Puppet virtually instantaneously, but the puppet seemed to have already anticipated this. It also flicked a finger through the air in retaliation while opening its mouth to devour the drop of green liquid.

The puppet's finger was instantly detached and shot forth through the air before striking the oncoming streak of black light with unerring accuracy.

The two clashed, and the finger exploded on impact, while the streak of black light was stopped cold in its tracks, revealing it to be a miniature spike that was around an inch in length and giving off faint black light.

During this split-second delay, the drop of green liquid had already made its way into the Faux Immortal Puppet's mouth.

Right at this moment, the giant sword projection also reached the puppet before releasing countless streaks of black sword Qi that immediately inundated the Faux Immortal Puppet.

Judging from the fearsome power the Black Devil Dagger had displayed, it seemed that the Faux Immortal Puppet was going to be instantly torn into shreds.

However, in the next instant, a cold harrumph suddenly rang out as a burst of green light erupted forth.

Immediately thereafter, two large green hands reached out of the green light without any warning before forcibly parting the streaks of black sword Qi.

The sword Qi struck the pair of hands, but were completely unable to harm them.

The streak of black light also struck one of the green hands amid a sharp screeching sound, and a metallic clang rang out as the black spike was repelled, while the green hand continued to remain completely unscathed.

Sacred Ancestor Yuan Yan's expression darkened slightly upon seeing this, and he didn't unleash any further attacks as he looked on with a cold gaze.

The black sword Qi was quickly destroyed by the pair of green hands, following which a humanoid figure slowly emerged out of the green light; it was none other than the Faux Immortal Puppet.

However, its appearance had changed drastically. The silver spiritual patterns on its face had turned a dark green color, and they were writhing over the puppet's skin, creating a very unsettling sight to behold.

The puppet slowly withdrew its green hands, then cast its gaze toward the black-robed young man in a completely expressionless manner.

"You managed to secure a drop of Heavenly Fortune Elixir, yet you used it on a mere Faux Immortal Puppet? Don't you think that's a massive waste?" Sacred Ancestor Yuan Yan asked with incredulity in his voice.

"Hmph, if that were a drop of true Heavenly Fortune Elixir, then I would've already used it to refine a Heavenly Fortune Pill. That was a drop of Faux Immortal Elixir, which is 10 times more diluted compared to Heavenly Fortune Elixir, so it's perfect for this Faux Immortal Puppet," the Faux Immortal Puppet harrumphed coldly in response.

"I see. If it's 10 times more diluted, then it'll be nowhere near efficacious enough to refine a Heavenly Fortune Pill. Even so, it still contains a hint of immortal spiritual Qi, which can replace immortal crystals to activate some of the Faux Immortal Puppet's true power. Having said that, how many attacks do you think the puppet will be able to unleash with such a paltry amount of immortal spiritual Qi?" Sacred Ancestor Yuan Yan scoffed in a derisive manner.

"I don't need to worry about that; I don't think you'll even be able to withstand a single attack from this Faux Immortal Puppet in your current state!" the Faux Immortal Puppet harrumphed coldly before stomping a foot down violently and propelling itself through the air as a faint green shadow.

A vicious look appeared in Sacred Ancestor Yuan Yan's eyes at the sight of the oncoming Faux Immortal Puppet, and he let loose a loud roar as a giant devilish projection that was over 1,000 feet tall, suddenly appeared behind him.

The devilish projection resembled an enormous black toad, and not only did it have a huge head at the center of its neck, there were four other far smaller heads on either side of the central head.

This was a legendary Nine-headed Devilish Toad!

As soon as the Nine-headed Devilish Toad projection appeared, its central head opened its massive mouth to expel a streak of golden light.

The streak of light struck the oncoming Faux Immortal Puppet, only to be sent flying backward even faster than the speed at which it had been released.

The vicious look in the black-robed young man's eyes became even more pronounced upon seeing this, and he suddenly made a hand seal, upon which the streak of golden light began to dance erratically through the air, leaving countless golden afterimages in its wake.

A giant golden net that encompassed close to half the pond down below quickly took shape, then instantly closed itself around the Faux Immortal Puppet.

In the next instant, the Faux Immortal Puppet was struck by one golden projection after another within the giant net, bouncing around like a toy that had no control over its own fate. Every time it came into contact with the golden net, it would instantly be repelled, and it seemed to be completely powerless.

A cold smile appeared on the black-robed young man's face upon seeing this, and he switched a different hand seal, upon which all golden projections within the net abruptly disappeared with the exception of a single one. That single remaining golden projection flew a few laps around the Faux Immortal Puppet like lightning before shooting back toward the black-robed young man.

The Faux Immortal Puppet was dragged over to less than 10 feet away from the black-robed young man, and it was completely immobilized, bound by a shimmering golden rope-like object.

Only then did it become clear to everyone that the rope-like object was none other than the giant devilish toad's tongue.

Not only was this tongue golden in color, there were a series of patterns on the suction cups that ran along the surface of the tongue, forming a series of golden runes. These runes were shimmering with a faint golden light, making the tongue appear as if it were a treasure.

"Insolent fool! What other tricks do you have up your sleeve? If that's all you have, then you can die now!" Sacred Ancestor Yuan Yan chortled as the giant golden tongue abruptly tightened, causing a string of cracks and pops to ring out from the Faux Immortal Puppet's body.

It seemed that he was planning to use the golden tongue of his devilish projection to crush this Faux Immortal Puppet into pieces.

The Faux Immortal Puppet's body was definitely no less powerful than that of a Grand Ascension Stage being, but it was on the verge of being crushed by the constricting golden tongue.

However, as opposed to being horrified or alarmed by this situation, a derisive sneer suddenly appeared on its face.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2098
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
