# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 1806

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Han Li was slightly tempted as he appraised the Weeping Spirit Blood Wood being held by Heavenly Eye Disciple. After witnessing the large auctions held by foreign races, there weren't many things in the human and demon races that could tempt him, so he didn't think that the first auction item of true value to be brought out would pique his interest.

If he could obtain a tribulation transcendence substitution puppet, it could save him from a life-threatening situation in the future.

However, this material could only be found in the Spirit Race, so could it really be true that there were foreign beings participating in this Myriad Treasure Convention?

As these thoughts were flashing through Han Li's mind, Heavenly Eye Disciple activated his magic power before injecting a part of it into the piece of wood in his hand.

Piercing crimson light erupted from the slim piece of wood, and it began to expand drastically to around as thick as a human arm, and also elongated to roughly 10 feet in length.

Reddish-black spots that were around the size of copper coins appeared over the surface of the wooden rod, and it writhed incessantly in his hand while emitting bursts of eerie weeping sounds as if it were a living spirit python, presenting a very unsettling scene to behold.

Those who had still harbored some suspicions toward the authenticity of the item immediately had their doubts erased, and when the starting price of 20,000,000 spirit stones was announced, a flurry of bids was quickly made.

"22,000,000!"

"25,000,000!"

"30,000,000!"

This astronomical price immediately scared off half of the bidders. No matter how precious this Weeping Spirit Blood Wood was, Deity Transformation and Spatial Tempering cultivators had limited finances, and it would not be wise to exhaust all of their wealth to purchase such an item.

In comparison, it was much more pragmatic to purchase a few powerful protective treasures or some pills that could assist them in breaking through their next bottleneck.

However, some of the high-grade human and demonic beings who were aware of the imminent devilish tribulation had different opinions.

Many of them were eager to get their hands on this spirit item, and the price continued to swell at a rapid rate, with the bids only slowing down slightly after passing 40,000,000. Even so, the price was still slowly bid up to a staggering 50,000,000.

This was a massive price to pay even for some Body Integration Stage beings, and the one who had placed this bid wasn't any of the Body Integration Stage beings on the third floor. Instead, it was still the same Black Wolf Demon, and as a result, he began to attract even more incredulous eyes.

More bursts of spiritual sense also began to sweep toward him from the third floor, and it was quite clear that even the Body Integration Stage beings were quite bewildered by his astonishing wealth.

In the face of these powerful bursts of spiritual sense, the Black Wolf Demon remained completely still in his chair, seemingly completely unfazed.

"Ohhh, I was wondering who this is; it's one of Brother Tian Kui's six clones! I had failed to detect this in the beginning," a woman from the third floor chuckled, and her voice echoed throughout the entire hall, creating quite a stir in the entire venue.

Many people's expressions changed drastically upon hearing the mention of Wolf Monarch Tian Kui, and even the Body Integration cultivators on the third floor were quite alarmed to hear this, including Han Li.

"Are you sure, Fellow Daoist Xiao? Isn't the Wolf Monarch cultivating in seclusion? How would he have the spare capacity to send one of his clones here? According to my knowledge, all six of his clones possess incredible abilities that can assist his true body in his cultivation; how could he send one of them to this place?" A skeptical male voice rang out from another cabin.

Han Li's expression changed ever so slightly as he could hear that the owner of the voice was none other than Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign.

"I don't think I need to inform you two that I'm sending my clone to the convention in my stead. If you two also want this Weeping Spirit Blood Wood, then feel free to place your bids; I won't do anything to stop you." The voice of this clone was extremely cold and completely devoid of emotion, but also very distinct and memorable at the same time.

As opposed to being enraged, Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign merely replied in a nonchalant manner, "Hehe, that's true; I have no business meddling in Fellow Daoist Tian Kui's business. Forgive me for my transgression. Seeing as you want this piece of Weeping Spirit Blood Wood, then I won't participate in the bidding."

As for the Black Phoenix Monarch, she merely chuckled before also falling silent, seeming rather wary of Wolf Monarch Tian Kui. As for all of the beings on the first and second levels, they had all adopted expressions of awe and veneration, and the entire hall fell completely silent.

"If no one else is going to make a bid, then shouldn't it be announced that I'm now the owner of this item?" Wolf Monarch Tian Kui said in a completely emotionless voice as he cast his gaze onto the platform.

His voice wasn't very loud, but it was clearly audible to everyone, and Heavenly Eye Disciple's heart jolted in response.

He had originally intended to stall for time, but he completely cast aside that plan and forced a smile onto his face as he said, "The price for this item has now reached 50,000,000 spirit stones. I'll now be making three calls, and if no further bids are made by then, then the item will go to Senior Tian Kui. 50,000,000 going once!"

"60,000,000!" An elderly voice suddenly rang out from the third floor, sending quite a stir turning through the entire hall again.

"62,000,000!" Wolf Monarch Tian Kui said in an emotionless manner.

"65,000,000!" The elderly voice placed another bid without any hesitation.

A cold light flashed through the eyes of the Wolf Monarch Tian Kui clone, and he said in a cold voice, "Do you insist on competing with me for this item, Dong Tian? It seems you've well and truly recovered from being struck by my Heavenly Wolf Claws during our last clash."

"Hmph, your Heavenly Wolf Claws only served to scratch an itch of mine. In contrast, I'm sure my Dong Tian Drill gave you a very hard time," the owner of the elderly voice harrumphed coldly in response.

This was none other than the most enigmatic of the seven demon monarchs, Mouse Monarch Dong Tian. It seemed that the two of them weren't on very good terms and had even clashed in the past.

All of the other cultivators present were naturally quite surprised and intrigued to learn about this.

Meanwhile, green light flashed violently from the Wolf Monarch Tian Kui clone, and he said, "This item is indeed worth 65,000,000, so I'll hand it over to you, Fellow Daoist Dong Tian. I wonder if you'll still have enough spirit stones left to compete with others during the course of this auction, though."

The clone then closed its eyes, and it really did bow out of the bidding. Mouse Monarch Dong Tian was quite taken aback by this, but he merely harrumphed coldly and fell silent.

As for all of the other Body Integration cultivators, they were either unwilling to contend with the two demon monarchs or looking forward to the other prominent auction items, so none of them placed any bids, either.

Thus, Heavenly Eye Disciple didn't hesitate any longer and quickly made two calls at 65,000,000. However, right at this moment, Han Li suddenly pointed a finger at the formation plate before him, entering a bid of 70,000,000!

"65,000... 70,000,000 going once!" Heavenly Eye Disciple had thought that the final bid had already been placed, only to be caught completely off guard by this new bid, and he hurriedly corrected himself before he could make a third call at 65,000,000.

All of the beings in the hall were quite stunned to see this. Who was competing with Mouse Monarch Dong Tian for this section of Weeping Spirit Blood Wood? Did they have a death wish or were they truly powerful enough to contend with the demon monarchs?

Unfortunately, the bidder hadn't spoken, so no one could tell who he was. However, the so-called confidentiality guarantee of the auction wasn't actually all that strictly enforced, so if one wanted to dig up the bidder's identity, it wouldn't be an overly difficult task.

Much to everyone's surprise, Mouse Monarch Dong Tian remained completely silent and allowed Han Li to take the Weeping Spirit Blood Wood. Perhaps 70,000,000 spirit stones really was too high a price for this item, and no one placed any further bids. Thus, the item fell into Han Li's hands after three calls.

Han Li wasn't all that surprised to see this. Judging from what had just been said by the Wolf Monarch Tian Kui clone, the three sovereigns, seven monarchs, and even some other Body Integration Stage beings present seemed to have received some information and were aiming for certain treasures during this auction. As such, the Weeping Spirit Blood Wood wasn't a priority for them, and they were just as happy to keep their spirit stones for later.

Just as these thoughts were flashing through Han Li's mind, a small group of guards delivered the Weeping Spirit Blood Wood to his cabin, and they departed after Han Li issued the spirit stones required.

After carefully examining the item, he carefully stowed it away, then stroked his severely depleted storage bracelet with a wry smile on his face.

He had managed to secure this item, but it had cost him most of his spirit stones, so he most likely wouldn't be able to compete for any of the upcoming next auction items.

However, he didn't regret this decision. He already had countless treasures and precious materials, but it was very unlikely that he would encounter something like this piece of Weeping Spirit Blood Wood again. Even if there were some other auction items yet to appear that would be useful to Body Integration Stage beings, he wouldn't be able to compete with the wealth of the three sovereigns and seven monarchs anyway.

Thus, he was more interested in those demon beast materials, and he was also very much looking forward to the upcoming Black Realm Exchange Convention.

Hence, Han Li merely laid back in his chair and closed his eyes as one auction item was introduced after another by Heavenly Eye Disciple.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-1806
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
