# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 1807

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Seeing as this was an auction that was held once every 1,000 years, the rest of the prominent auction items were naturally all exceedingly rare and precious, all of which were far beyond the reach of normal cultivators, but none of them were items that Han Li required.

After the first batch of prominent auction items were sold, Heavenly Eye Disciple immediately summoned another group of female servants to the platform and began to auction off spirit medicines and ingredients, as well as all types of pills that would be very hard to find in normal auctions.

These items were naturally even less appealing to Han Li, but his attention was drawn to the spirit flowers and spirit herbs that appeared at the end, all of which could only be nurtured by the Spirit Race.

However, after hearing that these spirit medicines required the origin spiritual power of Spirit beings to nourish, he decided against trying to bid for them.

These spirit medicines did indeed possess extraordinary effects, but they most likely couldn't be nurtured to full maturity by the green liquid in his mysterious vial alone, so he wouldn't be able to mass-produce them, which made them rather unattractive to him.

After these spirit medicines and pills were sold, a large number of cultivation arts and treasures were brought out, all of which were ideal for Deity Transformation and Spatial Tempering cultivators, so they created quite a stir in the entire hall.

Almost every single item was competed over by hundreds of human and demonic beings, and during this time, another batch of the prominent auction items was brought out.

This included a batch of over 10 vials of Rising Sun Pills, which could enhance the magic power of Body Integration cultivators, as well as a jade slip containing the cultivation arts used by a renowned Body Integration Stage cultivator who passed away tens of thousands of years ago, and two spirit treasures.

These items naturally sent the entire venue into a frenzy, yet even up to this stage, the Body Integration Stage beings on the third floor had still barely placed bids for anything, and when one of them did place a bid, it was very rare that any of the other Body Integration Stage beings would compete with them.

It seemed that most of them were waiting for something.

After the final dozen or so massive hundred-foot tall battle puppets were purchased by a certain mysterious individual for tens of millions of spirit stones, the entire auction was finally drawing to a conclusion.

Heavenly Eye Disciple smiled as he cupped his fist in a salute, and announced, "The next two auction items are the final two items of this auction, and also the most precious two items. My powers are limited, so I'm unable to host the auction for these two items. Hence, they'll be introduced to all of you by their original owners, Wyrm Monarch Li Huo, and a mysterious guest from a foreign race."

After that, he extended another salute toward everyone before walking off the platform.

Many of the people in the hall had also heard that foreign beings would appear during the auction, but this still created quite a stir.

After all, the human and demon races definitely didn't share relationships with the nearby foreign races, and a battle between Deep Heaven City and a united foreign army had just taken place several centuries ago.

As Wyrm Monarch Li Huo arrived on the platform with a yellow-robed woman, all of the chatter immediately died down, and everyone's eyes fell upon the elegant figure beside the red-robed Wyrm Monarch Li Huo.

This yellow-robed woman had a round face with delicate skin, and appeared to only be around 17 to 18 years of age. She wore a sweet smile, and gave off a very pleasant and approachable feeling.

Many people were surprised to see this so-called foreign being in her current appearance. Only those who had cultivated special spiritual sense secret techniques could use their spiritual sense to determine that there was something different about her compared to a normal human.

Han Li didn't even bother to use his spiritual sense. Instead, he had opened his eyes, and blue light flashed through his pupils, immediately allowing him to glean what was amiss about this woman. A peculiar look flashed over his face, but his expression then quickly returned to normal.

At this moment, Wyrm Monarch Li Huo suddenly began to speak. "I'm sure I require no introduction. As for the woman beside me, she is Holy Maiden Thousand Autumns of the Artifact Spirit Race; I'm sure many of you have heard of her. One of these two final treasures was brought here by Fellow Daoist Thousand Autumns from afar."

Wyrm Monarch Li Huo's voice was a little hoarse, but it was tinged with a hint of implacable authority.

The yellow-robed woman extended a curtsey before speaking in a pleasant voice. "Thousand Autumns pays her respects to the fellow Daoists present."

Despite her curtsey, the woman's demeanor was neither humble nor arrogant, and it didn't seem at all like she was in foreign territory.

"Holy Maiden Thousand Autumns of the Artifact Spirit Race? Isn't that one of the Artifact Spirit Race's four holy spirits, which are the equivalent to Body Integration cultivators?"

"So the rumors were true; a foreign being really did appear during this auction!"

......

In the instant that Wyrm Monarch Li Huo and Holy Maiden Thousand Autumns's voices trailed off, the entire hall erupted into commotion again.

Holy Maiden Thousand Autumns didn't display any reaction to this, but Wyrm Monarch Li Huo's brows furrowed slightly, and he suddenly yelled, "Quiet down, everyone! Fellow Daoist Thousand Autumns' arrival was approved by all of us three sovereigns and seven monarchs. As for the reason for her visit, that's something that we'll disclose to everyone following the conclusion of the auction. On this occasion, Fellow Daoist Thousand Autumns has brought with her a prized treasure for this auction as a show of her race's sincerity in forging friendly relations with us; all of the spirit stones issued during this auction will go to our human and demon races."

The chatter in the hall died down significantly following this announcement, and many people began to ponder what Wyrm Monarch Li Huo meant by this.

Meanwhile, Holy Maiden Thousand Autumns smiled, and she suddenly flipped her hand over to produce a golden and silver disk, as well as a white jade slip.

"This first treasure is known as the Myriad Manifestation Formation Plate, and it's a Divine Spirit Treasures on the Chaotic Myriad Spirit Roll. It's also one of the most prized treasures of our race, and we've only decided to offer it up for auction as a show of our sincerity. This formation plate can allow one to unleash 81 different types of illusionary techniques, and if one possesses sufficient magic power to unleash all 81 illusionary techniques at once and stack them on top of one another, even Body Integration cultivators would struggle to escape from it. However, this formation plate is also extremely taxing on the user and will most likely exhaust a normal Body Integration Stage being's entire supply of magic power, so do exercise caution if you manage to secure this treasure.

"As for this second treasure, it's the blueprint for an ancient ark that our Artifact Spirit Race purchased for a high price from a foreign race. This ark can house more than 1,000 people, and some extremely powerful formations could be inscribed upon it to make it extraordinarily fast, and also bestow upon it incredible offensive and defensive prowess, thereby making it an exceptional life-saving treasure," Holy Maiden Thousand Autumns said with a smile.

Spiritual light then flashed from her fingers as she injected some of her spiritual power into the formation plate, then waved an arm gently through the air.

A burst of pink light immediately surged forth from the plate before sweeping toward everyone below the platform.

All of the human and demonic beings present were startled by this, and many of them summoned protective layers of spiritual light around their bodies.

However, in the next instant, they were greeted by a floral fragrance, and they were stunned to discover that vibrant fist-sized flowers of different colors had blossomed through all the corners of the entire hall.

However, some of the more powerful beings present immediately discovered that this was all part of an illusion, and they were naturally very intrigued.

"I haven't refined this Myriad Manifestation Formation Plate, so the illusionary technique I'm unleashing now is nowhere near as potent as it otherwise would be. On top of that, this illusionary technique is the most mundane of the 81 types," Holy Maiden Thousand Autumns introduced, and even the Body Integration cultivators on the third floor were quite surprised to hear this.

"As for this blueprint, the giant ark inscribed upon it should be for a top-grade battle ark of the Iron Strap Race, which once reigned supreme over our Tian Yuan Continent for a time. The costs required to refine this giant ark are quite staggering, but if successful, aside from the benefits I mentioned earlier, the ark will be able to enhance the combat prowess of over 1,000 people by severalfold, so it could be a life-saving treasure for an entire sect or major family. Unfortunately, it requires a vast amount of resources to construct, so there's no way for it to be mass-produced. Otherwise, with this blueprint, the power of an entire race could be boosted significantly," Holy Maiden Thousand Autumns continued with a smile.

"Fellow Daoist Thousand Autumns has introduced both treasures and also displayed the power of the Myriad Manifestation Formation Plate. As for the blueprint, I've personally had it appraised and can vouch for its authenticity. I know that many of you have come here for this blueprint, but let me give you some words of caution; this battle ark is indeed extremely powerful, but the amount of resources required to construct it is completely unimaginable to the average cultivator, so I'd advise some of the less affluent fellow Daoists present against bidding for this item. Otherwise, you could spend an enormous sum to purchase this blueprint, only to find that you're unable to refine the battle ark anyway. Alright, we'll begin with the Myriad Manifestation Formation Plate; the starting price will be 80,000,000 spirit stones!"Wyrm Monarch Li Huo announced.

There were only so many spirit treasures that were on the Chaotic Myriad Spirit Roll, and many of the Deity Transformation and Spatial Tempering cultivators present hadn't ever seen a true Divine Spirit Treasure before. However, the starting price of 80,000,000 immediately discouraged most of the beings on the first and second levels from making bids.

They knew that this treasure was definitely going to fall into the hands of one the Body Integration Stage beings on the third floor, so they didn't bother to make any futile bids.

Even the cabins on the third floor were completely silent, and no one made an initial bid.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-1807
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
