# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 1904

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"Those are the All-encompassing Devilish Cavaliers! The rumors were correct; the Elder Devil Race only sent armies of low-grade devilish beasts to attack our Deep Heaven City, but they've sent out their truly elite forces to wipe out the other human settlements in the area. These All-encompassing Devilish Cavaliers are mostly only at the Core Formation Stage or Nascent Soul Stage, but after fusing as one with their devilish steeds through the use of a devilish secret technique, their powers will be multiplied, and human cultivators of the same cultivation base definitely wouldn't be a match for them.

"Even a Deity Transformation or Spatial Tempering Stage being would be forced to flee if they were to be attacked by a large group of these cavaliers. Also, I heard that they're very adept in combination techniques, and a devilish formation set up by over 10,000 of these cavaliers will pose quite a threat even to cultivators of our caliber. There appears to be over 100,000 All-encompassing Devilish Cavaliers here, so it's no wonder that Heavenlean City is desperately asking for reinforcements," Fairy Silver Light said in a grim manner.

"The All-encompassing Devilish Cavaliers aren't the most troublesome things to deal with; it's those guys!" Han Li's lips twitched slightly as he pointed toward a cluster of giant black arks.

There were some armored devilish beings near the arks with beastly lower bodies and human upper bodies. At the same time, they each had three different heads and six arms. The middle heads were all completely identical to those of normal humans, and they were all handsome male heads or gorgeous female heads. However, the other two heads were extremely terrifying to behold and resembled those of malicious ghosts.

They were all holding different weapons in their six hands, and even though they numbered far fewer than the devilish cavaliers, the collective baleful aura they were releasing was extremely astonishing. Furthermore, there were a series of glowing grey projections behind them, and upon closer inspection, Han Li discovered them to be projections of giant ferocious beasts.

The largest of these projections were over 1,000 feet in size, and even the smallest ones were over 100 feet in stature.

These devilish beings all wore cold expressions, and seemed to be completely devoid of emotions.

"Those are the Jialun War Devils! There are only a few thousand of them, but Heavenlean City truly is in trouble here," Fairy Silver Light said as she drew a sharp breath.

"I presume these Jialun War Devils have played a big role in the deaths of Heavenlean City's two grand elders," Han Li said with a grim expression.

"Apparently, Jialun War Devils rank in the top five even among the elite forces of the Elder Devil Race. If those two fallen fellow Daoists had been trapped by these devils before being attacked by other devilish lords, then it would've indeed been very difficult for them to escape. I really want to see just how powerful these war devils are in action," Fairy Silver Light mused.

"Hehe, it seems that your wish is about to come true," Han Li suddenly chuckled.

Almost at the exact same moment, a burst of buzzing suddenly rang out from the giant black arks, following which almost every single one of them released countless black pillars of light that hurtled directly toward the giant city wall up ahead in a frenzy.

A string of resounding booms rang out, and formations of all different colors emerged on the surface of the slightly damaged city wall. These formations conjured up layers of shimmering light barriers that managed to withstand the powerful pillars of black light, which exploded into violent black ripples that made the entire sky dim significantly.

Right at this moment, the sound of rumbling war drums rang out from the arks, following which over 100 mountainous giant beasts emerged from the battle arks.

Each of these devilish beasts were over 1,000 feet in size, and they appeared to be massive black rhinoceroses that were crashing directly toward the city wall, looking as if they were planning to use their bodies as battering rams.

At the same time, all types of low-grade devilish beasts surged out of the other giant arks in a frenzy, then surged toward the city wall like a devilish wave.

Dense devilish Qi surged through the entire heavens and countless beasts roared in unison.

Countless human warriors appeared atop the city wall and unleashed attacks such as fireballs, ice spikes, and wind blades toward the oncoming devilish army using some crossbow-like weapons.

The devilish beasts at the forefront of the devilish wave were quickly felled by these attacks, having either been reduced to masses of mangled blood and flesh, or incinerated into charcoal, or frozen into ice blocks.

Tens of thousands of low-grade devilish beasts were slain in an instant, and the momentum of the entire attack seemed to have been halted momentarily.

However, those giant rhinoceros-like beasts paid no heed at all to the oncoming attacks. They each conjured up a layer of extremely dense yellow light around their bodies, and the attacks being aimed at them were unable to pierce through these light barriers.

Thus, all of these giant beasts arrived in front of the city wall in the blink of an eye, then aimed their inky-black horns toward the city wall. Black halos of light instantly appeared on the horns of these devilish beasts, following which they abruptly shook their heads, and the halos instantly vanished as a result. In the next instant, spatial fluctuations erupted on the surface of the giant city wall, and these black halos erupted out of thin air before viciously striking the protective formations on the surface of the city wall.

In the face of these black halos, the light barriers formed by the formations were torn apart with ease, following which giant rifts were torn into the wall.

The human warriors who were unfortunate enough to be struck by these black halos were all instantly reduced to dust, and the warriors near them were naturally very alarmed to see them.

Some of them attempted to get down from the city wall in a panicked manner, but right at this moment, bursts of light suddenly appeared above their heads. Head-sized yellow crystal balls then emerged from these bursts of light, then released threads of yellow light that swept through the air.

The retreating human warriors were instantly decapitated by these threads of light, and their headless bodies slumped to the ground.

"Deserters, those who refuse to follow orders, and those who aren't giving their all will be killed on the spot!" A bone-chilling voice echoed over the city wall, following which several armor-clad Nascent Soul cultivators emerged from the bursts of light up above. Each of them had five yellow crystal balls revolving around them, and they all wore steely expressions.

Following their emergence, the human warriors could only continue to oppose the devilish army with all their might, and as a result of their desperate efforts, even the giant rhinoceros beasts were forced to a standstill.

At the same time, a profound incantation rang out from within the city, and a series of huge blue formations emerged behind the city wall. Immediately thereafter, bolts of blue lightning sprang out of these formations amid a string of rumbling thunderclaps. The bolts of lightning formed a series of massive lightning nets, each of which was several thousand feet in size, and they descended toward the other side of the city wall.

Countless low-grade devilish beasts, as well as many giant rhinoceros beasts, were caught under the explosions of these nets of lightning, resulting in the emergence of a series of giant blue lightning clouds.

The low-grade devilish beasts were instantly destroyed, and even the dense light barriers around the giant rhinoceros beasts were torn apart. The bolts of lightning struck their enormous bodies in a frenzy, causing them to roar with agony as large sections of their bodies were charred black.

However, these giant beasts truly possessed astonishing vitality; not only were these lightning strikes unable to kill them, they seemed to have only enraged the beasts further.

They swung their heads vigorously through the air, releasing several more black halos that surged toward the city wall, and an earth-shattering boom rang out as a section of the giant city wall finally collapsed. Through this gap in the city wall, one could even see the backup army of human warriors in the city.

These human warriors were all deathly pale, but they were forced to maintain their formation by the intimidation of the law-enforcing Nascent Soul cultivators up above.

Meanwhile, the general of the devilish army was becoming very impatient.

A sharp piercing cry erupted straight into the heavens from one of the giant black arks, and the cry was filled with unadulterated killing intent.

A cold light flashed through the eyes of the devilish cavaliers near the ark, and they all began to converge together into massive groups.

From a distance, it looked as if several black seas had suddenly appeared in the air, and they were setting up complex formations as they slowly advanced toward Heavenlean City.

The devilish cavaliers and their devilish beast steeds all began to release a vast amount of inky-black devilish Qi, and the sun up above was quickly completely concealed by a black devilish sea.

Some of the giant arks suddenly blasted forth pillars of purple light that instantly vanished into the bodies of the giant rhinoceroses, and their injuries were completely healed within the span of just a few breaths.

Their eyes then turned bright red in response to the sharp cry that had just erupted behind them, and they crashed through the oncoming attacks as they charged directly toward the gap in the city wall.

Under the cover of these giant rhinoceroses, the army of low-grade devilish beasts was also finally able to advance toward Heavenlean City as well. As such, the situation had become extremely perilous for Heavenlean City!

Right at this moment, spiritual light flashed several times in rapid succession from the gap in the city wall, and groups of human cultivators suddenly appeared, then frantically waved the formation flags they were holding through the air.

A string of loud rumbling rang out as giant bricks of different colors came raining down from above, completely filling the gap in the blink of an eye.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-1904
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
