# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2147

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

On the giant black ark stood countless silver-armored devilish guards, all of whom were at least at the Deity Transformation Stage, and there were even several Body Integration Stage devilish lords among them.

All of the devilish guards were appraising Han Li with bewildered expressions, clearly wondering why Han Li's group had appeared here.

According to the original plan, they were supposed to be the only ones who had access to the spatial passageway for the entire day.

Right as the two flying treasures were about to pass by one another, an elderly voice suddenly rang out from the cabin of the giant ark.

"Hmph, I didn't think that I would encounter a few Spirit Realm rats here! Why don't you return with me to our holy realm?"

As soon as the voice trailed off, a burst of astonishing killing intent surged out of the cabin, immediately following which a white spatial rift appeared right above the flying carriage.

A giant white bone claw that was several tens of feet in size emerged from within the rift before grabbing downward with devastating force.

Bursts of grey baleful Qi swept forth from the tips of the five claws, and the outermost light barrier around the flying carriage was instantly shattered by the grey Qi.

Han Li's expression changed drastically upon seeing this, and he immediately let loose a low roar before transforming into a giant golden ape once again amid a flash of golden light.

He then swung his massive furry fists upward, and a pair of golden fist projections emerged in a flash.

A loud rumbling boom rang out as the grey baleful Qi clashed with the fist projections, and the former was instantly eradicated, while the fist projections also shrank down significantly.

A cold light flashed through Daoist Xie's eyes, and he opened his mouth to expel a pillar of golden light, which struck the center of the white bone claw almost at the exact same moment as the fist projections did.

A dull thump rang out, and the golden light exploded beneath the bone claw, forming a giant ball of light that resembled a scintillating golden sun.

The giant bone claw was imbued with incredible power, but it was stopped in its tracks by the explosion of golden light.

At the same time, the entire nearby space began to buzz loudly, and there were some parts of the passageway that were beginning to twist and warp.

All of the devilish guards on the giant ark were horrified to see this. If the spatial passageway were to collapse, none of them would be able to escape.

Right at this moment, a cold harrumph rang out from within the cabin of the giant ark, and the bone claw closed its fingers around the ball of golden light down below.

The ball of light was instantly snuffed out as a result, and Han Li couldn't help but draw a sharp breath upon seeing this.

However, during this brief moment of respite, his flying carriage had managed to pass by the giant ark before suddenly vanishing on the spot.

In the next instant, it appeared over 1,000 feet ahead of where it had been just an instant ago, and it continued onward as a ball of azure light.

The giant bone claw also shattered amid a dull thump, and all of the devilish guards were left at a loss for what to do.

A short while later, the same elderly voice rang out again from within the cabin. "Leave them be and keep going!"

"Yes, Master!"

All of the devilish guards immediately sprang into action, and the giant ark accelerated significantly as it hurtled toward the exit of the spatial passageway.

Within the cabin of the giant ark, a young devilish boy who appeared to be around 12 years of age asked, "Are we just going to let them go, Master Tun Tian? How about we send some people after them?"

His question was directed toward a white-haired elderly man who was lounging on a taishi chair, and the elderly man replied, "I have more important things to attend to, so I'll let them go. No one else will be able to capture them aside from myself."

"Are they really that powerful? You didn't even use much of your true power just now," the young boy exclaimed.

The elderly man seemed to be quite fond of the young boy, and he replied with a doting smile, "Hehe, that is indeed true, but those two brats didn't use their full power, either. If a battle had been initiated, I wouldn't have been able to take them down in a short time."

"I didn't think they were that powerful!" the young boy said with a hint of lingering shock in his eyes.

"No weakling would be able to infiltrate our holy realm, then force their way back through a spatial passageway. If it wasn't for the fact that I can't use too much power in this passageway, I definitely wouldn't have let them get away," the elderly man said as a cold look flashed through his eyes.

"Of course! Outside of the passageway, those Spirit Realm beings would've had no choice but to surrender to you!" the young boy hurriedly flattered.

The elderly man chuckled in response as he stroked his long beard, seemingly very pleased by the young boy's flattery. However, in reality, he was actually feeling rather perplexed as he felt like he had seen the young man on the flying carriage who had unleashed that burst of golden light somewhere before, but he was unable to identify him.

In the end, he decided that he would investigate the matter once he returned to the Elder Devil Realm. In his mind, seeing as this wasn't even someone that he could immediately identify, he couldn't be an overly important figure.

......

Around eight hours later, spatial fluctuations suddenly erupted on the other side of the spatial passageway, following which a flying carriage that was enveloped within a ball of azure light abruptly shot forth.

There were several devilish guards outside the passageway, as well as three giant pyramids down below positioned in a triangular formation, and the nearby patrols were all extremely startled by this as they quickly converged toward the flying carriage.

At the same time, a series of stone doors of different sizes opened up on the sides of the huge pyramids, and many devilish beings began to emerge from within them.

However, the flying carriage was far faster than they had imagined, and only after it had completely vanished into the distance did several devilish lords fly out of the devilish pyramids in an enraged manner.

Han Li was standing at the front of the flying carriage, and he looked around at the lush forest of giant trees down below as he murmured to himself, "This is indeed Wood Tribe territory. I visited the Wood Tribe many years ago, and the environment here is very unique, so there's no mistaking it."

Meanwhile, Zhu Guo'er was looking around in an excited manner. "So this is the Spirit Realm! The spiritual Qi here really is far more abundant than in our Small Spirit Sky."

There were many humans in the Small Spirit Sky who were originally from the Spirit Realm, and all of them told tales of what a wonderful place the Spirit Realm was.

Han Li withdrew his gaze as he shook his head, and said, "The Spirit Realm is indeed a very good place, but our human race isn't very powerful here and is in a very perilous situation, so it's not as good here as you think."

"In any case, the Spirit Realm is definitely a better place to cultivate than our Small Spirit Sky. By the way, Senior, when are you planning to travel to the Small Spirit Sky? Make sure to take me along with you," Zhu Guo'er said with a smile.

"Don't worry, I'll definitely take you with me. I don't know anything about the Small Spirit Sky, so I'll be requiring a guide," Han Li replied.

Zhu Guo'er was ecstatic to hear this. "You have my gratitude in advance then, Senior!"

Han Li merely nodded in response before falling silent.

He was spurring on the flying carriage to travel at its maximal speed, so he wasn't concerned about being chased down by any pursuers.

However, after flying for around half a day, Han Li's expression had gradually become grimmer and grimmer.

They were indeed flying over one lush forest after another, but some of the trees in the forests were dark green in color, creating a stark contrast with the other exuberant green trees.

As the flying carriage flew further and further, these dark green trees began to appear with increasing regularity, to the point that close to half of the trees that they encountered were of this color.

On top of that, a faint black mist had begun to permeate throughout the forests, and even though it was extremely thin, it was still very unsettling to behold.

Even Zhu Guo'er's expression had gradually transitioned from excitement to concern upon seeing this.

After flying for a while longer, she finally couldn't help but ask, "Senior Han, these trees seem to be very similar to the plants of the Elder Devil Realm, and this mist appears to contain devilish Qi as well; what's happening here?"

"I'm not too sure, but the devilish beings are most likely behind this. What's even stranger is that we still haven't encountered a single Wood Tribe being even after flying for this long. The Wood Tribe isn't as powerful as our human race, but it's certainly nothing to be scoffed at," Han Li replied with a grim expression.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2147
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
