# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2153

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Han Li fell silent upon hearing this, but a hint of surprise appeared on Daoist Xie's face as he repeated, "Seven Star Moon Physique?"

"Have you heard of this physique, Fellow Daoist Xie?" Patriarch Ao Xiao asked.

"I heard my former master mention it once. This is quite a special physique that's very rare even in the True Immortal Realm," Daoist Xie replied.

"Your master must've been an extremely powerful being to have refined a Faux Immortal Puppet like yourself, so I'm sure they're right. There aren't many people who know about the Seven Star Moon Physique in the Spirit Realm, but it's not a secret among some of the realm's most powerful beings. However, it's exactly because of this that I've become so invested in Ling Long. With this physique, even without entering the Spirit Cleansing Pond and consuming the Clean Spirit Lotus, she'll still have a chance of progressing to the Grand Ascension Stage," Patriarch Ao Xiao sighed.

"The Seven Star Moon Physique will indeed grant her a greater chance of progressing to the Grand Ascension Stage than normal cultivators," Daoist Xie said in an expressionless manner.

Han Li suddenly asked, "Senior, is there any way that I can help reverse Ling Long's current situation?"

Patriarch Ao Xiao was ecstatic to hear this, and he hurriedly replied, "I knew you were a man who holds past ties dear to your heart, Fellow Daoist Han. After realizing that Ling'er wasn't compatible with the Art of Indifference, I did indeed manage to think of a way to minimize the effect that the cultivation art would have on her and perhaps even to undo it in its entirety at some point."

Han Li immediately prompted, "Please tell me what I can do, Senior. As long as it's within the realm of my capabilities, I'd be happy to lend you my assistance."

Instead of immediately replying to Han Li, Patriarch Ao Xiao turned to Daoist Xie with an apologetic expression, and said, "Brother Xie, I'll have to speak to Fellow Daoist Han in private about this matter."

Daoist Xie's expression changed slightly upon hearing this, and he cast his gaze toward Han Li.

Even though there was no clause in their agreement that stated that he had to obey Han Li's orders, he was dependent on Han Li for the Faux Immortal Elixir that Han Li could provide, so he reflexively followed Han Li's lead in most matters.

Han Li considered the situation momentarily before giving a slight nod. "Please give us some alone time, Brother Xie."

What Patriarch Ao Xiao wanted to discuss with him was clearly going to concern secrets surrounding Silvermoon, so he didn't want anyone else to be present, even if that third party were only a puppet.

Daoist Xie nodded in response before rising to his feet and exiting the hall.

Once he left, the door was closed on its own amid a flash of white light, and he made his way over to Zhu Guo'er, who had been waiting outside this entire time.

Zhu Guo'er was alerted by the sound of his footsteps, and a hint of elation appeared on her face at the sight of him.

Several hours later, the door was opened once again amid a flash of white light, and Han Li emerged with furrowed brows, seemingly quite troubled by something.

However, his expression quickly returned to normal as he caught sight of Daoist Xie and Zhu Guo'er, and he said, "Let's go, Senior Ao Xiao has already arranged a place for us to stay; we'll remain on this ship until it returns to the territory of our united army."

After that, he led them toward the staircase that led to the lower levels.

Daoist Xie naturally had no objections to this and immediately followed along.

Zhu Guo'er was rather curious about what Han Li and Patriarch Ao Xiao had discussed, but she didn't dare to ask and could only repress her curiosity as she trailed along behind the two.

Over half a day later, Han Li was seated on a futon in an empty silent chamber on the second level of the ship. There was faint golden light emanating from his body, and his eyes were closed in a meditative state.

All of a sudden, he opened his eyes, and the golden light around his body faded as he said, "Come in, Fellow Daoist Ling Long."

"It's only been less than 2,000 years since we last met, but you've become so distant; please continue to refer to me as Silvermoon, Brother Han," Silvermoon sighed from outside the secret chamber.

"If you insist, then I'd be happy to oblige, Fellow Daoist Silvermoon," Han Li said as he swept a sleeve toward the door of the secret chamber.

In the next instant, light flashed from the door, and the restriction set up on it vanished as it swung open on its own, revealing none other than Silvermoon standing outside.

However, at this moment, her cold and aloof expression had completely disappeared. Her eyes were currently rippling with emotion, and there was a faint blush on her face that further accentuated her beauty, lulling even Han Li into a momentary bout of entrancement.

Silvermoon's expression changed slightly at the sight of the door being opened, and she strode into the secret chamber before stopping around 10 feet away from Han Li. She then suddenly smiled, and said, "Please forgive me for the rudeness I displayed while I was under the influence of my cultivation art."

After that, she drew another nearby futon into her grasp before also taking a seat across from Han Li.

A faint smile also appeared on Han Li's face as he replied in a gentle voice, "It's alright, I certainly won't blame you for the behavior you exhibit when it's outside of your control. Having said that you should've taken some more time to rest and adjust your mental state instead of coming to see me so soon."

"It's alright, the effect of the Art of Indifference is very minimal when I'm in my lucid phases. I was concerned that if I came too late, we would only be able to share a brief conversation before I become as cold and emotionless as a log again, and that would be very disappointing for both of us," Silvermoon replied with a smile.

Han Li faltered slightly upon hearing this before a wry smile appeared on his face. "Your personality hasn't changed at all during all these years; you still just blurt out whatever is on your mind."

"Hmph, you're one to talk! This personality of mine was something that I had to adopt while I was being enslaved by you! Otherwise, if you had become suspicious that I was hiding something from you, you would've immediately killed the frail little spirit beast that I was!" Silvermoon chuckled as she rolled her eyes at Han Li.

"Ahem, that's all in the past now, so let's leave it there. I didn't know who you were at the time; I just thought you were an ordinary fox demon!" Han Li cleared his throat in an awkward manner in response.

"Is that really the case? Perhaps you did indeed think that during the first few years, but I'm sure you became suspicious of me thereafter, yet you still didn't treat me any better!" Silvermoon accused with a hint of a smile on her face.

An earnest look appeared on Han Li's face as he said, "My cultivation base was very lackluster at the time, and it was all thanks to you that I was able to survive many perilous ordeals. Without your help, there's no way I would've even made it to the Spirit Realm at all."

"Hehe, I'm not here for revenge, Brother Han; I was really surprised when you asked that good friend of mine to relay a message to me in secret. I didn't think that you would be able to ascend to the Spirit Realm. After all, the spiritual Qi in the human world is far too sparse, and it's already very incredible for someone to reach the Deity Transformation Stage, let alone ascend to the Spirit Realm," Silvermoon said.

"I was merely lucky, and that's something else that I have to thank you for; if you hadn't revealed the location of that spatial node to me, I wouldn't have been able to ascend to the Spirit Realm so smoothly," Han Li replied in an earnest manner.

"The two halves of my soul had only just fused as one again at that point, and I had to return to the Spirit Realm right away, so that was the only thing that I could've done for you. However, it's really not worthy of a mention considering you saved my life," Silvermoon said in a nonchalant manner.

"You're being far too modest, Silvermoon," Han Li countered with a shake of his head.

Instead of discussing this matter any further, an excited look suddenly appeared on Silvermoon's face as she abruptly changed the subject. "By the way, did your enemies continue to pursue you after you escaped from Kunwu Mountain? And how did you progress to the Deity Transformation Stage later on?"

"Hehe, that's quite a long story. After I escaped from Kunwu Mountain, I traveled to the island of the North Night Palace in the Great Jin known as..." Thus, Han Li launched into a recount of his past exploits.

He spoke for over an hour, recounting not only his experiences in the human world after the Kunwu Mountain ordeal, he even gave her an account of his experiences in the Spirit Realm.

Compared to the average cultivator, Han Li's experiences naturally made for a far more enthralling tale, and Silvermoon was thoroughly enraptured by his story.

After he concluded his recount, Silvermoon also provided him with a recount of what had happened to her after her return to the Spirit Realm.

To Han Li's surprise, she made no effort to hide the details about Wolf Monarch Tian Kui and the inner demons that led to her decision to turn to the Art of Indifference, and Han Li found himself slightly entranced by her glowing smile.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2153
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
