# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 1789

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"So you're the fellow Daoist who made his breakthrough several years ago! Apologies for not recognizing you right away. It's a pity you rejected my offer. Otherwise, we could've met and enjoyed some wine together already," Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign said with a smile as he appraised Han Li.

"Indeed, I heard that Fellow Daoist Han only took several hundred years to progress from a Deity Transformation cultivator to his current cultivation base. Perhaps this rate of progress isn't completely unmatched in history, but it sure is enough to put all of us to shame," the portly monk chimed in with a smile, and he also seemed to be very interested in Han Li.

"You're far too kind, Fellow Daoist. My aptitude is quite ordinary. If it weren't for several opportunities that I encountered in the primordial world, there's no way I would've been able to progress so quickly," Han Li replied in a modest and polite manner.

"Buddhist Master Tian Chan, let's leave this conversation until after we offer Fellow Daoist Han some wine. I don't have any other hobbies, but I do love my wine. If it weren't for the fact that the holy sovereign titles are passed down from generation to generation, I had originally intended to be known as the Wine Sovereign; I think that title suits me far better," the white-robed man chuckled before raising a hand and making a grabbing motion toward the jade table, upon which an exuberant green jade cup and a coral-like crimson flagon were drawn into his grasp.

After that, Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign flicked his wrist to pour a cup of viscous spirit wine for Han Li. The wine was of a transparent and faintly yellow color, resembling delectable elixir, and he offered the cup to Han Li in person.

Han Li hurriedly expressed his gratitude before accepting the cup. He swept his spiritual sense through the cup for an instant, and that was enough for him to determine that there was nothing amiss about the wine. Furthermore, the wine was exuding an intoxicating aroma and contained astonishing spiritual Qi that was definitely no less potent than ordinary spirit pills that were designed to enhance one's cultivation base.

Han Li slowly downed the contents of the cup before remarking, "This is indeed fantastic wine! It can rank among the top three spirit wines that I know of."

A layer of yellow spiritual light flashed over his face as he spoke, and he was truly impressed by this wine.

Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign faltered slightly upon hearing this before an elated look appeared on his face. "Top three? Does that mean you know of spirit wines that are even better than this Tiger Soul Spirit Wine?"

A faint smile appeared on Han Li's face, and he was just about to respond when the elderly man by the name of Huang Dang smiled, and said, "Holy Sovereign, let's take a seat first and discuss this while we enjoy some wine. It would be rather unbecoming of us to keep Brother Han standing like this."

"You're right. Forgive me for allowing my excitement to get the better of me; it's been close to 1,000 years since a new Body Integration cultivator has appeared in our human race." Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign smacked a hand to his own forehead before hurriedly inviting Han Li to take a seat, then returned to his own seat.

Thus far, Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign had left Han Li with quite a good first impression.

Even though he was one of the holy sovereigns, he appeared to be very forthright and accommodating, and wasn't pompous nor arrogant in the slightest.

However, Body Integration cultivators like them naturally wouldn't form judgments on others based on fleeting first impressions alone.

Han Li expressed his gratitude once again before taking a seat across from Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign.

"Now then, Fellow Daoist Han, can you tell me which spirit wines you know of that are better than my Tiger Soul Spirit Wine? Have you tasted those wines for yourself?"

This Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign really did seem to be an avid wine enthusiast, and immediately raised the question again as soon as Han Li sat down.

"Your Tiger Soul Spirit Wine can already be considered to be a very exceptional spirit wine in the Spirit Realm. However, I was fortunate enough to have tasted a type of Nine Aroma Spirit Wine while I was on the territory of a foreign race. Both the flavor and effects of the wine are not inferior to this Tiger Soul Spirit Wine," Han Li replied.

"Spirit wine from a foreign race? Did you manage to bring back a flagon or two of this Nine Aroma Spirit Wine, Fellow Daoist Han?" Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign asked in a hopeful manner.

His two companions were also looking at Han Li in an expectant manner.

"The Nine Aroma Spirit Wine was brewed by a Body Integration Stage being of that foreign race. At the time, I hadn't even progressed to the Body Integration Stage yet, so I definitely had no right to request for such wine; it was already quite fortunate that a cup of it was offered to me at all," Han Li said with a wry smile.

"That makes sense. This Tiger Soul Spirit Wine is also very precious to me, and I wouldn't bring it out just for any guest," Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign sighed in a disappointed manner.

"Hehe, there's no need to be overly disconsolate, Holy Sovereign. I don't have any Nine Aroma Spirit Wine with me, but I can obtain another type of wine in the near future, and I'll be sure to invite you to taste it then," Han Li suddenly said with a mysterious smile.

Before Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign had a chance to raise any questions, Huang Dang asked, "Oh? What kind of spirit wine is this? Could it be even superior to Tiger Soul Spirit Wine and that Nine Aroma Spirit Wine?"

It was no wonder that they were all so interested in wine. Cultivators spent all their time engaging in arduous cultivation, so they didn't see much value in ordinary materialistic things. Aside from spirit tea, male cultivators were generally only interested in some spirit wine.

"During my travels, I was fortunate enough to have obtained some Red Silk Fruits, which is the main ingredient to brew Red Silk Immortal Wine. I haven't gathered all of the other ingredients required yet, but that shouldn't be an issue given some time," Han Li said with a smile.

Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign faltered slightly upon hearing this before exclaiming, "Red Silk Immortal Wine! Is this the immortal wine that's rumored to only exist in the True Immortal Realm?"

As for Huang Dang and Tian Chan, they had clearly also heard of this immortal wine, and they were both staring at Han Li in an astonished manner.

How could immortal wine from the True Immortal Realm be brewed in the Spirit Realm?

"You're not joking around with us, are you, Fellow Daoist Han? Red Silk Fruits only exist in the True Immortal Realm; how did you obtain them? Also, I heard that Red Silk Fruits need to be nurtured for tens of thousands of years before they're ready to be brewed into wine, and it's quite difficult to nurture them even in the True Immortal Realm. Perhaps you mistook something else for Red Silk Fruits?" Buddhist Master Tian Chan asked in a stunned manner.

"I came across these spirit fruits by chance while traveling through the primordial world, and they're already at a point where they're ready to be brewed into wine. As for how they ended up there, that's beyond me. However, I'm sure that they are indeed Red Silk Fruits," Han Li replied in a confident manner.

"That's fantastic! If you can brew this Red Silk Immortal Wine, you have to save two or three flagons for me. I won't taste your wine for free; the three of us will gather all of the other ingredients that you're still missing," Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign said in an excited manner.

"You sure know how to extend generosity at the expense of others, Holy Sovereign. You're the one who wants to taste this wine, yet you're making the two of us gather the required ingredients with you." A troubled look appeared on the portly monk's face.

"Haha, you're not a very honest monk. Are you telling me you're not going to taste the Red Silk Immortal Wine at all? It would be an extraordinary opportunity to be able to taste such delectable wine from the True Immortal Realm," Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign said with a smile.

After a brief moment of contemplation, the monk replied in a truthful manner, "That's true. I'm not a heavy drinker normally, but wine from the True Immortal Realm is something that I must taste."

Huang Dang merely smiled and remained silent.

Han Li's heart stirred upon hearing this, and he was naturally happy to agree to this arrangement. "If the three of you are willing to help me, I may be able to brew this wine during the Myriad Treasure Convention by using some secret techniques."

"That would be brilliant. I'm sure this wine will be enough to stun the entire convention. Hehe, from what I've heard, the Tyrant Sovereign loves wine just as much as I do. A few of the demon monarchs are also extremely avid wine enthusiasts. Give us a list of ingredients that you require; I've brought along many things from my treasure vault for this grand occasion." Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign was extremely straightforward and extended a hand toward Han Li to request a list of ingredients.

Han Li flipped a hand over to produce a blank jade slip, then pressed his hands together with the jade slip at the center. Spiritual light flashed, and a list was made, following which the jade slip was tossed forward.

Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign drew the jade slip into his grasp, then briefly injected his spiritual sense into it before nodding as he stowed it away. "We should have everything ready for you in two or three days. Would you like to come to me for the ingredients or would you like me to send someone to deliver them to you?"

"There's no need to get someone to deliver them. I still don't know where I'll be staying for now, so I'll pay you a visit in three days," Han Li replied after a brief pause.

"Alright. I heard that Wyrm Monarch Li Huo and Demon Monarch Black Phoenix have already arrived at Nine Immortal Mountain; I can introduce them to you next time, Brother Han," Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign agreed with a nod.

"Demon Monarch Black Phoenix?" Han Li's expression changed slightly upon hearing this.

"Do you know of Fellow Daoist Black Phoenix?" Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign was rather taken aback to see his reaction.

"I don't know Demon Monarch Black Phoenix, but I've had some run-ins with beings of the Black Phoenix Race," Han Li replied with a nonchalant shake of his head.

"All of the seven demon monarchs are at least at the mid-Body Integration Stage, and all of them possess extremely powerful bodies, as well as some special innate abilities. Even if you don't plan to befriend them, I suggest you don't cross them for no good reason, Brother Han. Otherwise, things could become quite troublesome for you," Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign cautioned in a genuine manner.

"Thank you for your words of caution, Holy Sovereign. I wouldn't go around offending the seven demon monarchs for no good reason; I still want to live for a few more years!" Han Li chuckled.

"That would be best. By the way, you must've encountered some miraculous opportunities during your travels to have progressed so quickly, Fellow Daoist Han. I assume you'll have some unique insights in cultivation as well, right? In particular, you've only recently broken through the Body Integration Stage bottleneck, so I'm sure your mental state has also benefited significantly." Heavenly Yuan Holy Sovereign suddenly changed the subject to one of cultivation.

Han Li naturally wasn't going to pass up such a brilliant opportunity, and a serious look appeared on his face as he replied, "I've only just reached the Body Integration Stage, so I still have a lot to learn. It would be an honor for me to exchange some ideas with the three of you."

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-1789
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
