# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 1836

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Within mere moments, 36 pairs of different treasures had flown out of the black-robed man's sleeves, and they were all revolving around him, creating quite an intimidating sight to behold.

The fact that he could control so many treasures at once indicated that his spiritual sense was definitely far more powerful than that of the average Body Integration cultivator.

Han Li's mind was racing, but at the same time, he was also slightly awestruck.

All of a sudden, the black-robed man cackled as the 72 treasures around him swept toward Han Li with unstoppable force.

Han Li raised an eyebrow upon seeing this before sweeping a sleeve through the air, summoning several tens of small azure swords which surged toward the oncoming treasures as 72 streaks of azure light.

A string of crisp clangs rang out in rapid succession as the azure flying swords clashed with the opposing treasures.

The 72 treasures were blasting forth all types of energy attacks, such as clouds of black Qi and arcs of lightning, but the azure flying swords managed to remain completely unscathed as if they possessed no substantial form. On top of that, they were binding tightly around the opposing treasures like spirit snakes, and the two sides were evenly matched.

The black-robed man was slightly surprised to see this, and his treasures began to release more power at his behest, but they were still caught in a stalemate with the 72 Azure Bamboo Cloudswarm Swords.

The black-robed man's expression darkened, and he suddenly took a deep breath before abruptly stepping forward and making a forward grabbing motion.

A resounding boom rang out as the world's origin Qi within the entire light barrier surged violently, following which countless black threads appeared out of thin air, then shot forth as countless streaks of black light.

The entire sky dimmed in the wake of the black light, and they reached Han Li in a flash.

In response, Han Li remained completely unflustered as he let loose a low cry, then swept a hand forward to release a vast expanse of grey light. The grey light then condensed into a grey wall of light, and the seemingly unstoppable streaks of black light were all instantly caught within the wall.

Han Li then raised an eyebrow as he pressed an inky-black palm against the wall of light, and spiritual light flashed, following a string of dull thumps rang out.

The black threads that had been caught within the wall of light all exploded and vanished as clouds of black smoke.

"Divine Essencefused Light!" the black-robed man exclaimed upon seeing this.

However, in the next instant, a vast expanse of black mist erupted from behind him, and the mist condensed into an enormous black sword above his head.

The front half of the sword appeared to be substantial, yet the rear half was rather murky and indistinct.

The tip of the sword tremored slightly, and a ball of black light immediately emerged. At the same time, a faint buzzing sound rang out.

"Go!" The black-robed man then made a hand seal before pointing a finger at the giant sword in a solemn manner.

The black ball of light immediately shot forth from the tip of the sword at his behest. In the beginning, the ball of light was only around the size of a human fist, but after just a few flashes, it had swelled to around 10 feet in diameter and was hurtling toward Han Li like a huge black meteorite, leaving a trail of warped and blurry black light in its wake.

This black ball of light possessed such fearsome power that it was able to tear through space itself!

What was even more astonishing was that the giant sword was releasing a string of these balls of black light, and seven or eight of them had been released in the blink of an eye.

As opposed to being alarmed by this, Han Li instead chuckled, "As expected of a mid-Body Integration cultivator; your powers are truly remarkable, Fellow Daoist Hui!"

He raised an arm to reach a pristine white palm out of his sleeve, then quickly brought both of his palms together in front of his chest.

Following a loud metallic clang, two small mountains, one black and one azure, emerged above his head. The two mountains revolved in the air while releasing an azure halo of light and a black circle of Qi, intertwining to form a huge black and azure ring that shielded Han Li within it.

At this moment, the first black ball of light crashed directly into the giant ring in a flash, and a resounding boom rang out as the black and azure light exploded. An enormous black hole appeared where the explosion had taken place, as if the space there had collapsed in on itself.

After that, the rest of the balls of light also plunged into the black hole, and it instantly swelled to over 10 times its original size. At this point, the black hole had encompassed virtually the entire stone platform, and Han Li had been inundated by boundless darkness, along with the entire giant halo around him.

The entirety of the Myriad Spirit Platform began to tremor violently while releasing a strained creaking sound in the face of the enormous might emanating from the black hole, and all of the cultivators outside looked on in astonishment and fascination.

The Long Family patriarch had his hands clasped behind his back as he appraised the scenes unfolding on the platform in a completely expressionless manner, but the look in his eyes suggested that he wasn't actually as tranquil as he appeared.

The woman in the five-colored dress from the Ye Family heaved a forlorn sigh to herself, and all of the cultivators from the other true spirit families wore vastly contrasting expressions.

Of course, Fairy Xiao Feng and Elder Xiao's expressions had both become quite strained.

Thankfully, the 72 azure flying swords that were contending with the treasures were still flying through the air in a controlled manner, which indicated that Han Li hadn't been incapacitated by the black-robed man's attacks, and that was the only source of solace for them.

For the black-robed man himself, it clearly hadn't been a simple task to release so many black balls of light from that giant sword. Not only had the light in his eyes dimmed significantly, his aura had also noticeably abated, and even the purple scar on his forehead seemed to have become bigger than before.

He heaved a sigh of relief and opened his mouth to expel a large shimmering blue seal, with which it appeared that he was going to unleash his final attack, when a calm voice suddenly rang out from within the giant black hole.

"Is this all you have to offer, Brother Hui? I will admit that your abilities are quite interesting, but this won't be enough to defeat me!"

As soon as the voice trailed off, an extremely sharp screeching sound rang out from within the black hole, followed by a resounding boom. A silver ruler projection that was around 70 to 80 feet in length then abruptly sliced the black hole in half, and azure light flashed as a humanoid figure flew out from within.

The black-robed man was truly surprised to see this, and he immediately made a hand seal, upon which the large blue seal swelled drastically to the size of a small mountain before hurtling directly toward the humanoid figure.

Han Li, who had just emerged from the black hole, merely chuckled upon seeing this. One of the mountains above his head blurred momentarily before vanishing amid a flash of azure light, while the other expanded to over 1,000 feet in size amid a flash of grey light.

Countless silver runes then swept forth from the mountain to meet the oncoming blue seal.

The two enormous objects clashed, and in the beginning, there was no sound resulting from the clash whatsoever.

In the next instant, grey shockwaves erupted through the air before sweeping forth in all directions.

The black-robed man wore a dark expression as he waved a sleeve through the air, easily parting the shockwaves. He then narrowed his eyes as he cast his gaze toward Han Li, but right at this moment, his expression abruptly changed drastically as he swayed to the side.

A streak of invisible sword Qi then emerged without any warning before glancing past his shoulder. Even the protective spiritual Qi around him was completely unable to impede it.

If he hadn't reacted as quickly as he did, his shoulder would've been completely punctured.

The black-robed man was quite alarmed by this, yet just as he was about to turn around to try and identify the invisible sword Qi, more of these streaks of sword Qi emerged around him like a torrential storm.

His alarm was further exacerbated, and he immediately summoned a black shield and an antiquated golden mirror, which transformed into two barriers of light, one golden and one black, to shield him from the attack.

At the same time, the giant black sword above his head also exploded into a cloud of black mist that inundated his entire body.

However, the countless streaks of sword Qi that were undetectable both to the naked eye and spiritual sense surged into the black mist.

A string of dull thumps rang out, immediately followed by the screeching of metal grating against metal.

Meanwhile, azure light flashed in the air above the black mist, and a small azure mountain abruptly appeared.

The mountain was revolving rapidly on the spot, and with each revolution, it released a halo of azure light. As soon as the azure light left the mountain, it transformed into countless streaks of sword Qi that vanished into thin air.

Han Li's body swayed from afar, and after just a few flashes, he appeared directly above the small azure mountain before stomping a foot firmly onto its summit, then cast his gaze downward in an indifferent manner.

The black mist down below was in tatters from being ravaged by the countless streaks of sword Qi, and the black-robed man was about to be revealed.

However, right in that instant, a pillar of golden light suddenly erupted from within the mist, hurtling directly toward the azure mountain up above.

Han Li raised an eyebrow upon seeing this before abruptly stomping a foot downward, and the small azure mountain immediately ceased in its rotation.

At the same time, a layer of azure light swept forth from it, instantly forming a translucent light shield in front of the mountain.

However, as a result, the output of sword Qi also ceased.

In the instant that the golden pillar of light clashed with the light shield, the latter swayed slightly while the former tremored before a small portion of it crumbled away. The majority of the pillar of light was reflected back in the direction it had come from and vanished into the black mist in a flash.

A rumbling explosion rang out from within the mist, followed by a roar of shock and fury from the black-robed man, and the black mist finally dissipated.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-1836
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
