# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2245

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Han Li's expression changed slightly upon seeing this, while Daoist Xie suddenly said something that was rather intriguing to him.

"Are you referring to the True Extreme Body possessed only by Profound Immortals?"

"Oh? I didn't think that a mere Faux Immortal Puppet would be aware of this; looks like your former owner had to have been someone from the True Immortal Realm," the Stemborer Queen said as a hint of surprise appeared in its eyes.

Han Li's brows furrowed slightly as he asked, "What's a Profound Immortal? Is it some type of high-grade true immortal?"

"Not exactly; Profound Immortals are considered to be anomalies in the True Immortal Realm. Instead of cultivating magic power, they focus only on refining their physical bodies, walking a different path from normal true immortals, and they're referred to by some as Refinement Immortals. Among true immortals of the same caliber, Profound Immortals are generally far more powerful, and a True Extreme Body is almost a signature trait among all Profound Immortals. Profound Immortals are very powerful among low-grade true immortals, but progressing to higher levels is extremely difficult for them. As such, even though they're vastly renowned in the True Immortal Realm, very few people choose to pursue this path," Daoist Xie explained.

"That sounds rather similar to the body refinement warriors of our human race. Seeing as the Stemborer Queen isn't a high-grade immortal, do you think we still have a chance here? You've been with me for quite some time now, so I'm sure you're aware of what I'm truly capable of," Han Li suddenly asked.

"If we can completely seal away its magic power and force it to battle us with only its physical body, then you should still have a roughly 30% chance of securing victory. Of course, that's assuming that the Stemborer Queen has only recently attained her True Extreme Body and hasn't consolidated it yet," Daoist Xie replied.

"You heard him, Fellow Daoist Bao Hua; if we fight to the death here, we still have a 30% chance, but if you don't want to take the risk, then we'll have to split up and flee. I don't think the Stemborer Queen would be willing to let us go, so if we were to do that, at least one of us would definitely perish here. I've just examined this area using a secret technique, and it seems that some type of power has encompassed this abyss, making it impossible to use the Treasured Phoenix Spirit Plates. I've attempted to use some other secret techniques as well, but none of them have allowed me to teleport out of here," Han Li sighed.

The Stemborer Queen merely looked on with a sneer as Han Li communicated with Daoist Xie and Bao Hua. At the same time, it was refining the pair of Earth Emperor Nails, attempting to take the Profound Heavenly Treasure for itself even while the battle was still in progress.

"I understand. In that case, we'll have to fight for our lives. I have a technique that I can use to help you, but I'll need Brother Xie to assist me, and once I unleash that technique, I won't be of any further use in this battle," Bao Hua said as she gritted her teeth.

"Haha, that's all I needed to hear. The Stemborer Queen is in the process of refining those two treasures, so let's not waste any more time," Han Li said.

"Alright, Brother Xie, please lend me all of your magic power," Bao Hua said in a decisive manner as she turned to Daoist Xie.

Daoist Xie had already received an instruction from Han Li through voice transmission, and he immediately teleported behind Bao Hua before pressing his hands firmly onto Bao Hua's shoulders.

Arcs of silver lightning then flowed from his hands into Bao Hua's body in a frenzy, and with this influx of energy, Bao Hua's near-exhausted supply of magic power was quickly being replenished; even her pale features were becoming more flushed and exuberant.

Bao Hua was aware that this external source of magic power wouldn't be able to linger in her body for very long, and it would soon seep out of her body before dissipating. However, this brief window was enough for her to unleash a trump card that she didn't think that she would have to use.

Unleashing this technique would sow instability into her cultivation base again, and not only could it cause her to fall below the Grand Ascension Stage again, she would also make an enemy of the owner of the Earth Emperor Nails.

The friendship that they had forged over countless years would most likely completely cease to exist after this.

Bao Hua couldn't help but heave an internal sigh as this thought occurred to her.

Who could've imagined that this Stemborer Queen would be able to master an immortal ability?

In reality, it really couldn't be said for sure whether the Stemborer Queen's body still contained its original soul.

Neither Bao Hua nor Han Li were idiots, and they could tell that this Stemborer Queen was very suspicious; it was just that neither of them saw any reason to point this out.

After all, the Stemborer Queen was definitely determined to kill them, so there was no need to waste time with words.

A wry smile appeared on Bao Hua's face, but she didn't hesitate in the slightest as she made a hand seal, and brilliant pink light erupted from her body alongside countless five-colored runes, forming 13 resplendent wheels of light.

Bao Hua was situated right at the center of these wheels of light, and she was chanting an incantation that was as pleasing to the ears as delightful heavenly music.

At the same time, her hair suddenly began to fall off at their roots, and a silver rune emerged on her glabella.

All of a sudden, her aura changed drastically, and she transformed into a young female nun that was giving off an air of purity and holiness.

She raised her head with an indifferent expression, and a strong floral fragrance wafted through the air as a series of branches that were riddled with pink flowers sprouted out of her body.

She had transformed herself into a living tree, presenting a very strange sight to behold.

All of a sudden, Bao Hua raised one of her arms, which was riddled with floral branches, and pointed a finger at the Stemborer Queen.

All of the flowers all over her body then abruptly wilted away, while Bao Hua herself plummeted out of the sky like a wooden statue, plunging deep into the abyss down below.

In the exact same instant, the 13 wheels of light around her also disintegrated into specks of spiritual light.

At the same time, the silver arcs of lightning being released by Daoist Xie instantly faded, and he quickly sat down to meditate.

During this brief period of energy transference, Daoist Xie had expended almost all of his energy, and his aura became virtually non-existent.

Meanwhile, the Stemborer Queen was suddenly struck by a sense of foreboding, and the two Earth Emperor Nails that she was refining suddenly began to release scintillating light.

Countless rainbow runes surged out of the pair of nails alongside two bursts of crimson flames, and the Stemborer Queen's two hands were instantly incinerated into ashes.

Immediately thereafter, the two Earth Emperor Nails transformed into a pair of rainbow snakes that shot forth toward the Stemborer Queen like lightning.

The Stemborer Queen was quite alarmed by this turn of events, and it immediately regenerated a new pair of hands before grabbing toward the two Earth Emperor Nails from an incredible angle.

However, the pair of Earth Emperor Nails merely passed through the Stemborer Queen's hands like a pair of projections before plunging into its body.

The Stemborer Queen hurriedly examined its own hands, and upon discovering that they were completely unscathed, it inspected its own internal conditions, upon which its expression darkened significantly.

The two Earth Emperor Nails had embedded themselves firmly into the black crystalline core within the Stemborer Queen's body, then released countless yellow threads that bound the crystalline core tightly, rendering the Stemborer Queen completely unable to draw upon any magic power.

"I didn't think that you'd have the ability to unleash the essential power of these two Profound Heavenly Treasures. You can maximize their power by doing this, but it'll take them at least 100,000 years to recover. In any case, your struggles are futile, and all you've done is make me more enraged. I'm going to tear all of you apart inch by inch, then refine your souls into puppet servants for myself," the Stemborer Queen said with a furious expression as it swept one of its front limbs through the air.

A white blade of wind instantly appeared before Daoist Xie, attempting to slice him in half.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2245
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
