# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2250

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"I have to master the third stage of the Spirit Refinement Technique? That won't be an easy task. Back when I was cultivating the second stage, I had already exhausted all of my resources; it won't be very plausible to expect me to make another breakthrough in a short time," Han Li said with furrowed brows.

"I witnessed your battle against the Stemborer Queen through the formation, and I can see that your physical body is no less powerful than those of Profound Immortals, so with my guidance, it won't be as difficult as you think to master the third stage of the Spirit Refinement Technique. I've never cultivated this technique before, but as a patrolling envoy, I've detained a few people who have cultivated the technique, and I've learned some secret tips and tricks from them," the man said in a confident manner.

"Even so, this is still quite a difficult proposition. I'll have to think about whether I want to keep progressing in this secret technique. After all, I don't want to become an automatic public enemy if I ever ascend to the True Immortal Realm in the future," Han Li said with a wry smile.

"I understand that you're still a little skeptical about my claims. It's alright, even if you don't continue to cultivate the Spirit Refinement Technique, you'll begin to notice some abnormalities in your mind in 1,000 years at most, and you'll come back to find me then. As for ascending to the True Immortal Realm don't you think it's a little too early to be thinking about that? I think it's more practical to think about how you can get yourself out of your current predicament," the man said in an indifferent manner, displaying no intention of forcing Han Li into a decision.

Han Li was silent for a long while before finally replying, "Thank you for your understanding, Senior; this is a very important matter that'll impact the rest of my cultivation, so I have to be a little cautious. I'll think things through and get back to you as soon as I can. Before that, I have something I'd like to ask you."

The man was unsurprised by Han Li's reply, and he asked, "Oh? What else do you want to know?"

"I want to know exactly what the True Immortal Realm is like," Han Li said.

"Hehe, it's a little too early for you to be thinking about the True Immortal Realm, but if you really want to know, I can disclose some details to you prior to your immortal tribulation. For now, I can only tell you that it's a vast place. Only after getting there will you come to understand just how vast the immortal regions are. Even if an immortal were to travel for their entire life, there would be no way for them to completely explore even the most ordinary of immortal regions. As such, even though you've cultivated the Spirit Refinement Technique, it'll be very unlikely for you to encounter patrolling envoys like me unless you go to the major cities of the immortal regions, so you're still quite safe," the man replied.

"I'm even more looking forward to ascending to the True Immortal Realm now," Han Li said with a smile.

"The cultivation resources and treasures of the True Immortal Realm are all far more abundant and superior than those of the lower realms. Otherwise, I wouldn't be plotting so desperately to return there. Alright, seeing as you're unwilling to accept my proposal, I won't keep you here any longer. I don't like to owe anyone any favors, so you can have this as compensation for helping me kill the Stemborer Queen."

As soon as his voice trailed off, a streak of white light flew out of the bowl.

Han Li quickly swept his spiritual sense toward the object before making a grabbing motion to draw it into his grasp, upon which he discovered that this was a translucent jade shard that was as thin as paper with golden and silver runes etched all over its surface. These runes were none other than beveled silver text and golden seal text.

"This is a talisman that I brought with me from the True Immortal Realm, and it contains a drop of Purple Yun Essence, which is very precious even in the True Immortal Realm; this should be enough to replenish the essential power that you expended from igniting your essential flame," the man explained.

Han Li was ecstatic to sense the immortal spiritual Qi that was being given off by the jade shard, which was completely different from normal spiritual Qi, and he immediately cupped his fist in a grateful salute.

"You can go now. Come back and see me when you decide to continue to cultivate the Spirit Refinement Technique." As soon as the man's voice trailed off, a grey light formation emerged beneath Han Li's feet, and he was teleported out of this space.

"There's no way you can simply stop cultivating that secret technique! In his current situation, I'll only need to hibernate for a short while before he returns to me," the male voice mused following a brief silence.

Immediately thereafter, the entire altar tremored violently, and the eight surrounding copper pillars also rumbled loudly as a giant formation emerged under the entire stone forest.

All of a sudden, the stone forest, copper pillars, and sacrificial altar all abruptly vanished, leaving the entire area completely empty again.

......

A year later, a black-robed young man was seated in meditation on a giant rock, which was situated at the top of a massive mountain not far away from the edge of the original sealed site.

After a long while, the young man suddenly opened his eyes, and there was faint purple light flashing within his pupils.

"Why is he here?" the young man murmured to himself as a hint of wariness appeared on his face.

Moments later, a streak of azure light approached from afar in a blatant manner, reaching the giant mountain after just a few flashes.

"You're a punctual man, Fellow Daoist Yuan Yan; you're already here four hours prior to the agreed time!" The azure light faded to reveal a young man in his twenties, who looked down from above with a faint smile.

The young man was none other than Han Li, and the black-robed young man was one of the three devilish patriarchs, Yuan Yan.

"I don't recall agreeing to meet you here. Where is Bao Hua? Wait, don't tell me that she was the one who set this up," Yuan Yan said in a cold voice.

"Fellow Daoist Bao Hua should currently be in the Jade Cloud Valley. I came here upon her request to keep you company for a short while, Fellow Daoist," Han Li said in a straightforward manner.

Yuan Yan's expression darkened slightly upon hearing this, but to Han Li's surprise, he remained quite calm as he said, "The Jade Cloud Valley? That's the place where Liu Ji is temporarily residing to recover from her injuries! So Bao Hua really has decided to reclaim her position as matriarch. In that case, Nie Pan is most likely facing some obstruction as well. Among all of the Grand Ascension Stage beings of the foreign realms, the only one aside from you that can stall Nie Pan is most likely that Old Man Copper Crow. What kind of benefits did Bao Hua grant you to enlist your services?"

"I don't know who is the one currently keeping Nie Pan occupied, but I'd assume that it's Old Man Copper Crow as well. As for benefits, I did indeed receive some. Otherwise, I wouldn't be willing to face a devilish patriarch like you," Han Li replied in an unhurried manner.

"Hmph, I heard that even though several people were involved in killing the Stemborer Queen, you were the one who contributed the most; it looks like your powers are at least comparable to the likes of myself after you reached the Grand Ascension Stage. However, do you really think you can stop me if I insist on leaving?" A cold light appeared in Yuan Yan's eyes as he spoke.

"I did contribute somewhat to the death of the Stemborer Queen, but I certainly wouldn't dare to declare myself as the main contributor. As for whether I'll be able to stop you, why don't you give it a try and find out?" Han Li goaded in an indifferent manner.

Yuan Yan's expression darkened even further upon hearing this, and a hesitant look appeared in his eyes.

After a long while, he finally sighed, and said, "In any case, it was thanks to Bao Hua that I was able to escape from that seal, so I'll let her do as she pleases just this once. If she can succeed, then I'll acknowledge her as one of the three devilish patriarchs again, but if she fails, then I definitely won't give her a second chance."

Han Li was naturally quite pleased to hear this, and a smile appeared on his face as he said, "I'm glad you've arrived at such a decision, Fellow Daoist. If you don't mind, why don't we take this opportunity to discuss some cultivation insights and experiences?"

"That's not a bad idea; I'm also very interested to hear about how you were able to become so much more powerful after making your breakthrough," Yuan Yan agreed after only a brief hesitation.

Han Li nodded in response, then pointed a finger downward, and another giant rock on the mountain rose up before falling heavily back down onto the mountain not far away from where Yuan Yan was.

After that, Han Li descended from above and settled onto the rock.

......

In the sky above a small island countless kilometers away, Old Man Copper Crow was hovering expressionlessly in mid-air.

Standing directly across from him was a handsome young man wearing a suit of translucent armor, looking on at Old Man Copper Crow with cold animosity in his eyes.

......

In a valley that was filled with vibrant green bamboo plants, there was a boundless sea of mist that enshrouded the entire valley.

A string of explosions rang out incessantly at the center of the sea of mist, and countless flower petal projections could be seen fluttering within it.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2250
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
