# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2282

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

This was a pair of young men with vastly contrasting appearances; one of them was a silver-armored man with a head of white hair and a set of handsome facial features, while the other was a very thin and short yellow-robed man with a less than pleasant appearance.

Both of them were giving off mid-Body Integration Stage auras, and they immediately extended respectful salutes toward the pair in the hall.

The silver-armored man asked, "Do you have some instructions for us, Seniors?"

"No need for formalities. I'm sure you two have heard about what's just happened outside the city, right?" the green-robed woman asked.

The silver-armored man's heart stirred slightly upon hearing this, and he replied in a cautious manner, "We have, but all we know is that we were attacked by a being who seems to be very powerful."

"Brother Yi and I have some ideas about what that man's intentions may be, but we require confirmation, so we need you two to do some investigating," the green-robed woman said.

The pair of young men had already guessed that such a task was waiting for them, but their expressions still changed slightly upon hearing this.

The silver-armored man was feeling very uneasy, but he could only muster up some courage before replying, "Er... That man's powers are clearly far beyond ours; I'm afraid that if we were to undertake this task, it would inevitably end in failure and pose a further hindrance to the two of you."

The green-robed woman's expression darkened slightly, and a hint of impatience crept into her voice as she said, "Hmph, so you two are scared! Rest assured, I'm not asking you to go after that man; what I want is for you to use your concealment abilities to see if there are any other unfamiliar people in the Small Asura Realm aside from that man. With your powers, that should be easily achievable, right?"

The yellow-robed man was also quite uneasy, but he was greatly relieved to hear this. "I see. In that case, there are no issues; we'll set off right away."

The silver-armored young man was still rather hesitant, but he also agreed in the end.

The green-robed woman gave a pleased nod, then said, "Alright, you can go now. This realm isn't very big, so it shouldn't take you more than a few days to ascertain exactly how many outsiders have arrived here."

"We'll do our best, seniors," the two young men answered in unison, then departed from the hall.

As soon as they emerged outside, both of them turned to one another with wry smiles on their faces.

"Let's go then. We've already accepted the task, so we'll have to split up and complete it to the best of our abilities. If that man does have companions, then they're most likely quite powerful as well, so make sure to be careful, Brother Wan," the silver-armored man said as he cupped his fist in a parting salute.

"Thank you for the words of concern, Brother Wu Ying. I can summon tens of thousands of clones, so even if I encounter a Grand Ascension Stage being, there's a good chance I'll be able to escape. In contrast, your concealment ability is extremely profound, but you could be in some danger if you encounter someone with an ability that just so happens to suppress yours," the yellow-robed man replied with a salute as well.

The silver-armored man merely nodded with a smile before energy fluctuations erupted around his body, and he rose up into the air as a gust of fierce wind.

As for the yellow-robed man, his body abruptly scattered into specks of yellow light, and within each speck of light was a huge thumb-sized yellow hornet.

The entire hornet swarm was led by the largest hornet among their ranks, and they quickly flew away into the distant sky as well.

Meanwhile, the green-robed woman and black-robed man were discussing something else in the hall.

"As a safety precaution, I still think it's necessary for us to bring the Space Fish beings into the city. If we can do that, we won't have to worry about any mishaps arising," the black-robed man said in a cautious manner.

"If it were that easy to control them, then I would've done so long ago. Unfortunately, the Space Fish beings can only reside long term in a place with celestial flames. On top of that, all of those Space Fish beings have sworn blood vows in the past, so if we try to abduct them by force, they'd sooner activate their bloodline power to commit suicide than compy with us," the green-robed woman replied.

"That's quite troublesome, but I've recently mastered a new ability that can resolve this issue, albeit at some costs," the black-robed man said with furrowed brows.

The green-robed woman's expression changed slightly upon hearing. "Oh? What costs are you referring to, Fellow Daoist Yi?"

"I'm referring to some members of the Space Fish Race, of course," the elderly man replied.

"That won't do. There are very few Space Fish beings to begin with, and it's taken me a massive amount of effort to increase their population to this point. If we sacrifice some of their numbers, when will we ever be able to complete our plan? Besides, there's barely anyone who knows the secret of the Space Fish Race aside from us, so they shouldn't attract much attention. If we were to try and bring them to the city, it would actually make things worse as that would alert others to the fact that these Space Fish beings are very important to us," the green-robed woman refused.

"That's true. If I hadn't unintentionally fallen into this realm and discovered the existence of the Space Fish Race and your Asura Spider Race, I would've never imagined that the ancient secret I had learned would be useful someday. Seeing as you're unwilling to take the risk, then so be it. Having said that, as a safety precaution, we should still send some people to keep an eye on the Celestial Flame Pond. If something were to go wrong, we would still have to step in," the black-robed man said.

"I had intended to do the same thing, Fellow Daoist Yi," the green-robed woman agreed on this occasion.

After that, the two of them began to discuss which people to send to the Celestial Flame Pond...

Meanwhile, Han Li had already flown out of the mountain rage with his Thunderstorm Wings.

A rumbling thunderclap rang out, and Han Li reappeared tens of thousands of kilometers away from the mountain range.

He took a glance back in the direction of the mountain range, and after releasing his enormous spiritual sense through the area to ensure that he wasn't being followed, a cold smile appeared on his face.

He had already predicted that the people in the city would be reluctant to pursue him after witnessing just how powerful his spiritual sense was.

Through that earlier clash, he had ascertained the location of the Asura Spider lair and the approximate power level of the Asura Spiders, as well as greatly restricted the Asura Spiders.

After all, with such a formidable foe outside the city, the Asura Spiders definitely wouldn't dare to leave their lair in fear of Han Li infiltrating the city in their absence.

Having said that, there was nothing for Han Li to be concerned about even if they really had decided to pursue him.

Even in a one-on-two situation, Han Li was quite confident that he would be able to defeat his opponents.

Furthermore, prior to leaving the mountain range, he had set up certain measures that would immediately alert him if the Asura Spiders were to leave their lair.

Seeing as they hadn't decided to chase after him, this would be a surveillance measure to ensure that the Asura Spiders didn't move out of their lair or go into hiding.

Looking back, the Asura Spiders had been more powerful than he had anticipated.

It would still be very risky for him to take on the entire Asura Spider Race on his own, so he was planning to reunite with Mo Jianli and the others first.

Once the four of them joined forces, they should be powerful enough to contend with the Asura Spider Race.

With that in mind, Han Li didn't linger here any longer and sped toward another direction.

......

Two days later, Han Li was hovering high up in the air above a lake, watching a giant turtle and a two-headed black python clashing violently in the water down below.

The massive turtle resembled a small island with moss all over its shell, while the python was around 1,000 feet in length with hard black scales all over its body.

There was a golden plant floating on the surface of the lake not far away from the two of them, and half of the plant was submerged, while the top half was out in the open, bearing three red fruits that were giving off a rich fragrance.

There were around 30 to 40 fish beast carcasses of different sizes floating in the water around the golden plant, and the pungent beast blood had stained a large section of the lake red.

The turtle and the two-headed python were the only two beasts that remained in this area.

Han Li wasn't paying any attention to the golden plant and the three red fruits that it bore. Instead, he was appraising the pair of beasts down below with an intrigued expression.

The giant turtle had been tightly bound by the two-headed python, but a layer of blue runes suddenly erupted out of its body, and a rare smile appeared on Han Li's face as he murmured to himself, "As expected, this beast really does possess a hint of the true spirit Xuan Wu's bloodline; looks like I'll be making further progress with my 12 Awakening Transformations."

After that, Han Li didn't hesitate any longer, sweeping a sleeve downward to release a streak of azure light that reached the two beasts down below in a flash.

The streak of azure light revolved around the two-headed python, and its body was instantly sliced into seven or eight segments.

The turtle was horrified upon seeing this, and it immediately attempted to flee into the lake, but the streak of azure light also plunged into the lake lightning.

In the next instant, Han Li raised a hand in a nonchalant manner, and the water in the lake parted as the giant turtle emerged with an azure chain binding its body.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2282
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
