# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2290

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"I didn't think that the Five Light Race would have someone as powerful as you among its ranks! I'm looking forward to sparring with you," Han Li chuckled.

"Spar? What do you mean by that?" the Five-colored Peacock asked as a peculiar look flashed through its eyes.

Instead of giving a reply, Han Li merely smiled, and his aura abruptly changed as a burst of five-colored light erupted out of his body.

Immediately thereafter, Han Li also transformed into a Five-colored Peacock amid a flash of five-colored light.

The opposing Five-colored Peacock was stunned to see this, and it exclaimed, "What? You're also a Five Light being? No, your aura isn't right; you must've only attained this transformation by refining some Five-colored Peacock true blood."

"You have quite a sharp eye as well, Fellow Daoist," Han Li chuckled coldly, then flapped his wings to release a wave of five-colored light that surged directly toward his opponent.

At the height of his fury, the black-robed man burst into laughter. "You dare to display your Five-colored Divine Light in my presence? Let me teach you a lesson in what true Five-colored Divine Light is!"

As soon as his voice trailed off, the long feathers of his canopy were suddenly sent hurtling through the air as countless five-colored arrows.

The five-colored light clashed with the storm of arrows, and countless holes of different sizes were instantly pierced into the former.

As a result, the giant five-colored wave stalled, and the arrows hurtled directly toward Han Li.

Han Li faltered slightly upon seeing this, but he then also released countless five-colored light threads from the long feathers of his canopy, and each thread of light struck an arrow with unerring accuracy.

The light threads then bound themselves around the arrows before tightening, slicing the arrows into pieces.

Immediately thereafter, the light threads vanished in a flash.

In the next instant, spatial fluctuations erupted in front of the black-robed man, and countless light threads shot out of thin air, threatening to bind his entire avian body.

However, as soon as the light threads came into contact with his body, the five-colored light around him brightened significantly, and all of the light threads were nullified as soon as they plunged into this five-colored light.

Han Li's heart jolted slightly upon seeing this, while the black-robed man raised his peacock head and let loose a long cry, then suddenly made a grabbing motion with one of its talons.

A giant talon that was around an acre in size instantly appeared out of thin air before grabbing down toward Han Li.

Han Li chuckled coldly as he abruptly vanished on the spot, then suddenly reappeared over 100 feet away before immediately opening his mouth to release a burst of silver flames toward the giant talon.

Despite its enormous size, the massive talon was extremely fast and agile as it swooped down toward the silver flames.

A dull thump rang out as five-colored light surged over the surface of the talon, and the silver flames were completely snuffed out, while the giant talon continued on toward Han Li.

Even before it had truly grabbed him, countless five-colored runes had emerged around Han Li, forming an invisible restriction that had completely immobilized him.

Han Li flapped his wings to send a vast expanse of five-colored light sweeping toward the runes, but the light was instantly snuffed out by the runes as if it had encountered the bane of its existence.

Han Li was quite alarmed to see this, and bright five-colored light erupted out of his body as all of his feathers detached themselves at once, converging from around a dozen resplendent five-colored sword projections that shot forth in all directions.

A string of metallic clangs rang out as the sword projections struck the runes, only to be repelled with ease.

"My Heaven and Earth Solidification ability isn't that easy to break. Just stay still and accept your death!" The black-robed man was ecstatic to see this as he extended his other talon forward as well.

Spatial fluctuations erupted above Han Li, and another massive talon enshrouded in five-colored light emerged before descending toward him as well.

At the same time, even more five-colored runes appeared in the surrounding area, and Han Li was well and truly immobilized now.

Thus, the two talons came swooping down one after another, sweeping up gusts of fierce winds, and even the space below them was warping and twisting significantly.

The black-robed man was ecstatic that he was able to take care of such a powerful enemy with just his Five-colored Divine Light alone.

However, as a safety precaution, he rose higher up into the air, then flapped his wings, which took on a semi-transparent quality after a flash of five-colored light.

Immediately thereafter, he let loose a clear cry before opening his beak to release a pillar of five-colored light, which reached Han Li in a flash.

However, right at this moment, a rumbling roar rang out from within the warped space, and a ball of golden light emerged, within which was a massive furry palm around the size of a water tank.

The palm spread open its fingers, and it instantly turned a purplish-golden color before being positioned right in front of the pillar of five-colored light.

The pillar of light struck the furry palm with a resounding, and the nearby world's origin Qi was stirred up violently, while a scintillating five-colored sun emerged.

The pillar of five-colored light was imbued with devastating power, but it was kept at bay by the furry palm with ease.

The black-robed man was quite alarmed to see this, yet before he had a chance to do anything, a bone-chilling harrumph suddenly rang out from within the golden light up ahead.

The black-robed man shuddered as if he had been struck by lightning upon hearing this, and he stumbled back involuntarily.

At the same time, a ferocious roar rang out within the golden light, and a mountainous golden fist projection erupted forth, pulverizing the two five-colored giant claws as if they were mere papier-mâché structures.

An incredibly fearsome aura also surged out of the golden light, detonating all of the surrounding five-colored runes.

Only then did the golden light recede, revealing a massive purplish-golden ape that was over 100 feet tall, and it was in the process of withdrawing one of its giant fists.

The black-robed man was forced back a few more steps by Han Li's devastating aura before exclaiming, "So your true form is a Giant Mountain Ape? No, even a Giant Mountain Ape wouldn't be able to break free from my Heaven and Earth Solidification so easily!"

"Hmph, you don't need to worry about what my true form is. I've already experienced the power of your Five-colored Divine Light; it's time I showed you my true power as well," Han Li replied in a cold voice.

"Do you really think you can defeat me just because you've switched to a different form? What a joke!"

Despite Han Li's fearsome aura, the black-robed man remained completely unfazed, and he let loose a cry, upon which he transformed into a brocade-robed figure with the head of a peacock and five translucent longswords of different colors strapped to his back.

He had withdrawn his Five-colored Peacock form and transformed into a peacock-human hybrid.

"Interesting, so you had another form up your sleeve as well; it looks like I'll be able to fight to my heart's content here," Han Li said as he flipped his hands over to produce two miniature mountains, one azure and one black.

Han Li tossed the two small mountains high up into the air, then pointed a finger toward them in rapid succession.

The two small mountains immediately swelled to over 1,000 feet tall at his behest, and at the same time, Han Li expanded to around 3,000 to 4,000 feet tall while silver patterns appeared all over his body.

After completing his transformation, Han Li thumped his own chest with his house-sized fists, then reached out to grab the pair of mountains.

His arms then abruptly thickened, and a ferocious roar rang out as the two mountains were hurled toward the brocade-robed man in the distance.

As soon as the pair of mountains were released, they immediately transformed into two balls of light, one azure and one black, both of which vanished into thin air.

In the next instant, spatial fluctuations erupted in front of the brocade-robed man, and the two mountains came hurtling directly toward him alongside a fearsome aura that was suffocating even to a Grand Ascension Stage being like him.

Even before the mountains had reached him, the brocade-robed man's protective spiritual light was already tremoring violently, and he felt as if there were sharp daggers raking across his face.

A peculiar look flashed through his eyes, and the five longswords on his back suddenly flew out at his behest, crisscrossing with one another to form a barrier in front of him, thereby keeping the pressure at bay.

What was quite incredible to Han Li was that the two mountains had suddenly stopped in mid-air upon coming into contact with those swords.

Han Li was naturally well aware of how powerful he was in his Giant Mountain Ape Form, and the fact that the two extreme mountains hurled forth by him in this form had been stopped by five mere swords came as quite a shock to him.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2290
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
