# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2308

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Several days later, Han Li reopened his eyes, and at this point, he had already refined the Xuan Wu True Blood.

He immediately made a hand seal, transforming into a giant black turtle amid a flash of radiant light.

The turtle was around 50 to 60 feet tall and took up virtually the entire secret chamber. There were countless runes surging over its black shell, forming a light barrier that presented quite a mystical sight to behold.

In terms of overall ability, this Xuan Wu form couldn't even begin to compare with his other transformations, but it definitely possessed the best defensive prowess.

This was a conclusion Han Li quickly arrived at after briefly inspecting the Xuan Wu form, and it came as no surprise to him.

After all, Xuan Wu had always been renowned for its durability among all true spirit beings.

The giant turtle disappeared amid another flash of light, and Han Li reverted back to his human form.

After taking a moment to settle the unrest in the energy within his body brought on by the transformation, he swept a sleeve through the air, and the bead that had been forced into a corner of the secret chamber came flying back toward him.

This was none other than the Domain Bead, and Han Li inspected it briefly before making a hand seal, upon which he abruptly vanished from inside the secret chamber.

In the next instant, Han Li re-emerged within the Domain Bead, hovering directly above the same giant island.

He looked down but failed to see anyone, so he released his spiritual sense to quickly sweep over the entire island, upon which his brows furrowed slightly.

There wasn't a single Space Fish being on the island.

Han Li then laid a finger onto his own glabella, and the spiritual sense that he was releasing was instantly enhanced by severalfold.

His enormous spiritual sense immediately expanded to encompass all of the other islands as well, and as a result, he finally discovered something.

He immediately flew toward a certain direction as a streak of azure light, and moments later, he appeared above one of the small islands amid a burst of spatial fluctuations.

He cast his gaze downward, and a faint smile appeared on his face.

The barren island was now riddled with a series of brand new triangular buildings of different heights, and there were many Space Fish beings making their way in and out of these buildings.

As soon as Han Li appeared, some of the most powerful Space Fish beings immediately noticed him, and they hurriedly fell to their knees with awe and veneration in their eyes.

As a result, everyone else noticed him as well, and they quickly fell to their knees as well.

Moments later, all of the Space Fish beings were gathered beneath Han Li, standing with their hands hanging respectfully by their sides.

"Master, you've finally visited us again," the chieftain said as he rose up into the air with an elated expression.

"Am I not welcome here?" Han Li asked with an amused smile.

"Of course you are, Master; all of us are ecstatic and greatly honored by your visit," the chieftain hurriedly replied with a fawning smile.

"Haha, it's alright, I was just joking. There's a bigger island over there and two other islands as well; why have you all gathered on this island alone?" Han Li asked with a curious expression.

"The Domain Bead has already been refined by you, so it belongs to you, and we are already extremely fortunate to have been allowed to stay in here. If we alter this realm too much and somehow cause something to go wrong, we would be committing a major transgression," the chieftain replied.

"There's no need to be too concerned; if this realm were that easy to damage, then the Domain Bead wouldn't be considered to be such an exceptional treasure. Aside from the biggest island, you can roam the other smaller islands freely," Han Li said.

The chieftain immediately offered his gratitude in an elated manner. "Thank you for your kindness, Master. We have some skills when it comes to planting spirit medicines; how about we organize a few medicine fields for you in here?"

"Medicine fields? Sure, go ahead and organize one first. By the way, you said you had a granddaughter who's quite adept in pill refinement; can I meet her?" Han Li asked.

"Lan Yao, come and meet our master," the chieftain immediately called out upon hearing this.

An elegant female Space Fish being down below faltered slightly upon hearing this before immediately rising up into the air, then extended a respectful curtsey toward Han Li. "Lan Yao pays her respects to her master."

"I heard from your grandfather that you have some aptitude in pill refinement, is that true?" Han Li asked as he appraised the young woman.

"Grandfather is being far too liberal with his praise. Pill refinement is just a hobby of mine; I wouldn't dare to claim that I have any aptitude in it," the young woman replied in a shy manner, and it seemed that she very rarely spoke to strangers.

"Hehe, there's no need to be so modest. I've seen your pill refinement cauldron and materials; you wouldn't even be able to use a lot of those things unless you were very adept in the art of pill refinement. I have some questions about pill refinement that I would like to ask you; just answer them to the best of your abilities," Han Li said.

"I'll do my best," the young woman replied in an obedient manner.

Han Li nodded in response before dismissing the other Space Fish beings, then began his line of questioning.

Han Li was a pill refinement master in his own right, and his questions weren't all that deep and profound, but they were all very special and niche questions that the ordinary pill refinement master definitely couldn't answer.

However, Lan Yao was able to provide answers to most of the questions, and after an hour of questioning, Han Li was very stunned and impressed with her talent in the art of pill refinement.

Han Li was silent for a moment before proposing something that came as quite a surprise to both Lan Yao and her grandfather. "I can tell that you do indeed have brilliant aptitude in this field. As long as your cultivation base can keep up, perhaps you'll be able to go even further than I do in the art of pill refinement. How about this? Why don't you accept me as your master in pill refinement? I can provide you with support in your normal cultivation, as well as some specialized guidance in pill refinement to help improve your mastery of the art."

The chieftain was so ecstatic that he could barely believe his own ears. "You'd be willing to accept Yao'er as your disciple? That's fantastic! Yao'er, hurry up and greet your master!"

"Yao'er pays her respects to her master!" Lan Yao immediately knelt down and kowtowed toward Han Li again.

"Haha, there's no need for such formalities. As a new disciple of mine, I'm obligated to give you a present. Here are some pills and cultivation insights that I've gathered; get yourself to the Spatial Tempering Stage first, and I'll begin instructing you in pill refinement after that," Han Li said with a smile as he tossed seven or eight vials of pills and a jade slip toward Lan Yao.

"Thank you, Master; I'll be sure to do my best," Lan Yao replied as she caught the vials and jade slip in an elated manner.

"Keep cultivating in this realm for now. Once we return to the human race, I'll bring you out to meet your senior martial brothers and sisters. Alright, I'm leaving now," Han Li said with a smile, then prepared to leave after giving the chieftain a parting nod.

However, a thought suddenly occurred to the chieftain, and he hurriedly said, "Please wait, Master; I have something to give you."

Han Li was rather taken aback to hear this. "Oh? What is it?"

"Please take a look, Master," the chieftain said as he pulled a black box out of his sleeve before offering it to Han Li with both hands.

Han Li sweep a sleeve through the air, and the box was immediately drawn toward him.

He then flicked a finger toward the box, and the lid flew off on its own, revealing around a dozen objects of different sizes, including some stone shards, jade slips, and scrolls.

Instead of reaching for the items right away, Han Li asked, "What is this?"

"These are some insights into the law of space left behind by the past powerful beings of our Space Fish Race. Only the chieftains of our race are entitled to view these records, but my cultivation base is too lackluster for these things to be of any use to me, so I'm offering them to you in the hope that they can help you, Master," the chieftain replied in a respectful manner.

"Oh? So you've identified the fact that I also possess spatial power?" Han Li asked as a faint smile appeared on his face.

"As the chieftain of the Space Fish Race, I'm far more sensitive to spatial power than even my brethren. The spatial power within your body isn't very potent, but I can still sense it," the chieftain replied.

"These things are indeed useful to me, so I'll keep them. I'm really going to leave now," Han Li said with a meaningful nod, then stowed the box away before truly departing this time amid a burst of spatial fluctuations.

Following Han Li's departure, the chieftain turned to Lan Yao, and sighed, "Let's go back down. You really are in luck, Yao'er; looks like you'll be the future hope of our entire race. From now on, you'll be free to use all of the resources in our race so you can progress in your cultivation as quickly as possible."

Several months later, the Inkspirit Holy Ark finally returned to the human race.

As soon as they arrived, they were immediately informed of a piece of astonishing news.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2308
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
