# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2326

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"Of course, Brother Han. Yao'er is my foster daughter, while Li'er is my disciple; if they want to leave, they're free to do so at any time. However, my advice is for them to stay here a bit longer before returning to the human race," Qing Yuanzi replied.

"Oh? Why is that?" Han Li was rather taken aback to hear this, and he cast a glance toward Yuan Yao and Yan Li to find that wry smiles had appeared on both of their faces.

"I'll get Yao'er to explain it to you so you can hear the information from her firsthand. If Yao'er and Li'er are willing to leave now, I definitely won't stop them," Qing Yuanzi said with a serious expression.

"Brother Han, the two of us really can return to the human race right now. At the very least, we'll have to stay with Father for around two to three more centuries. As for the reason behind this, examine our bodies and you'll find out," Yuan Yao sighed.

A peculiar look appeared on Han Li's face as he released his spiritual sense toward Yuan Yao, upon which his expression immediately changed slightly. "I can see that your physical bodies are rather unstable; is this a lingering after-effect from your transitions back to human bodies?"

"Indeed, Brother Han. Father refined several types of special pills to return us to our human bodies, but we had been in our previous ghostly forms for too long up to that point. As a result, sustained nourishment from two types of spirit medicines that can only be found in the infernal river is required for us to complete the transition. If we were to leave now, all of our prior efforts would go to waste," Yan Li explained.

"I see. In that case, it looks like it would certainly be unwise for me to take you two with me," Han Li replied with a nod.

"Rest assured, Brother Han; Yao'er and Li'er have both made significant contributions during my heavenly tribulation, and I was planning to bestow some powerful abilities upon them after my tribulation. As such, they'll definitely benefit enormously from staying by my side for a few more centuries; perhaps they'll even be able to reach your level in the future," Qing Yuanzi said with a smile.

"Is it really possible for Senior Martial Sister and me to reach the Grand Ascension Stage, Father?" Yuan Yao was ecstatic to hear this, as was Yan Li.

"Haha, I can't make the same guarantee for anyone else, but you two definitely have a chance. Even setting aside the guidance you'll receive from me, your relationship with Fellow Daoist Han is a massive opportunity in itself. With his assistance, your chances of reaching the Grand Ascension Stage will be significantly increased, isn't that right, Fellow Daoist Han?" Qing Yuanzi said with an amused smile.

"So I've been factored into your calculations as well, Brother Qing. Of course, if Yuan Yao and Yan Li require my assistance in reaching the Grand Ascension Stage, I'd be sure to offer it," Han Li chuckled.

Qing Yuanzi stroked his beard as he chortled with glee, while Yuan Yao was appraising Han Li with a special hint of emotions in her eyes, and Yan Li was also ecstatic to hear this.

All of a sudden, a thought occurred to Qing Yuanzi, and he asked, "By the way, during my tribulation transcendence, I saw a tiny purplish-golden person outside that was wielding several types of formidable sword projections, and it slew the Immortal Heavenly Lord with astonishing ease. That thing's aura was rather familiar to me; would you be able to tell me what it is?"

"Ah, so you witnessed Jin Tong in action. I'm sure you've already guessed what it is, Brother Qing," Han Li replied in an ambiguous manner.

Qing Yuanzi did indeed already have an idea of what that purplish-golden figure was, but his expression still changed drastically upon hearing this, and he exclaimed, "Could it be that it really is a Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch? There's no mistaking it; only the Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch could slay a Grand Ascension Stage being so easily. Looks like the legends about its powers being comparable to that of true immortals were no exaggeration. How did you manage to nurture such a beetle monarch, Fellow Daoist Han?"

"I was extremely fortunate to have been able to nurture such a beetle monarch, and it would be next to impossible for me to replicate the process. I have to thank you for your past guidance in this matter. Otherwise, there's no chance that I would've succeeded," Han Li said as he cupped his fist in a grateful salute.

"I only gave it a casual mention all those years ago; I didn't think you'd actually be able to succeed. With this beetle monarch by your side, you'll have no worthy foes in this entire Spirit Realm. Would you be able to summon the beetle monarch so I can take a look at it?" Qing Yuanzi said with a wry smile, making no effort to hide his envy.

"Surely you jest, Fellow Daoist Qing. The Spirit Realm is a massive place and is home to countless powerful beings; there's no way I can proclaim dominance with just a beetle monarch by my side. I released the beetle monarch earlier to see if there were any lingering enemies in the area; I'll show it to you once it returns," Han Li replied.

"You're far too modest, Fellow Daoist Han," Qing Yuanzi chuckled in response.

"By the way, do you know of the He Lian Trade Guild, Fellow Daoist Qing?" Han Li asked in a seemingly nonchalant manner.

Qing Yuanzi's heart stirred slightly upon hearing this. "The He Lian Trade Guild? That's a super organization that spans across several continents. I've heard of it, but I don't know too much about it. Do you have some ties with this guild, Fellow Daoist Han?"

"No, but perhaps I'll need to interact with this guild in the near future, so I was hoping to find out some information about them from you," Han Li replied with a faint smile.

"No problem, I'll collate all of the information I have on this guild into a jade slip for you," Qing Yuanzi immediately said.

Han Li was naturally very pleased to hear this. "You have my thanks."

After that, they discussed some topics surrounding tribulation transcendence before Han Li and his companions were arranged places to stay in the cave abode.

The next morning, right as Han Li was emerging from his room, he caught sight of a white-robed beauty who resembled a celestial maiden standing outside.

As soon as he appeared, Yuan Yao smiled, and said, "How about I spend the day with you, Brother Han?"

Seven days later, a rumbling boom suddenly rang out in the air above a barren plain in the infernal river.

A massive green sword projection swept through the air, slicing a long black rift into the murky grey space.

The giant black ark that was hovering beneath the rift immediately flew toward it, vanishing into the spatial rift after just a few flashes.

Moments later, the black spatial rift was slowly closed again.

Yuan Yao and Yan Li were standing nearby, watching as the black ark departed.

"Let's go, your future dao companion has already left. All we have to do is wait for about two more centuries for our physical bodies to stabilize, and we'll be able to go and reunite with him in the human race. Hehe, surely that's not too long for you to wait," Yan Li giggled.

"What's this about a future dao partner? My relationship with Brother Han has always been a pure one. Besides, you're one to talk! I saw you on multiple occasions casting sneaky glances at Brother Han these past few days; it looks like you want to be his future dao partner instead!" Yuan Yao objected as a blush appeared on her face.

"I did indeed cast a few furtive glances at Brother Han, but I was simply curious about how he was able to progress so quickly in his cultivation despite his ordinary appearance," Yan Li said in a nonchalant manner.

"Hmph, who knows if that's even true?"

"Hehe, then how about I gouge out my own heart for you to see? After you see it, you'll have to take responsibility for me, though."

The two giggled with amusement as they continued their playful argument.

......

The Chi Rong Mountain Range was a renowned spirit region on the Tian Yuan Continent.

The mountain range stretched for millions of kilometers, and among the 10 mountains here, close to half of them were active volcanoes.

There were even a few that were constantly releasing lava or black volcanic ash, making most of the mountain range extremely hot and completely devoid of life.

However, as a result of this, the Chi Rong Mountain Range was able to produce large quantities of fire-attribute spirit stones and materials, as well as extremely rare extreme Yang-attribute spirit medicines.

Thus, despite its perilous environment with all those active volcanoes, it attracted many outsiders every year.

On this day, a group of foreign beings in a diverse range of attire appeared near a small volcano on the outskirts of the mountain range.

The volcano had just erupted, and these foreign beings were taking advantage of this period of respite to flock into the nearby pits and craters to search for fire-attribute spirit stones and materials.

Whenever the volcanoes erupted, it would always release some low-grade materials that would scatter across the nearby area alongside plumes of volcanic ash.

The majority of these foreign beings were only at the Qi Condensation Stage, with only a few at the Foundation Establishment Stage, so they didn't dare to venture any deeper into the mountain range and could only search for low-grade materials on the outskirts.

All of a sudden, a four-eared foreign was struck by the feeling that his surroundings had dimmed significantly, and he immediately looked up, upon which his face turned completely pale, and he let loose a cry of alarm.

All of the other nearby foreign beings reflexively stopped what they were doing upon hearing this and also looked up.

As a result, all of them were rooted to the spot.

A giant black ark that was over 10,000 feet in length had appeared completely silently above them, and it was hovering in the sky like a massive island.

Countless huge puppet warriors were patrolling the ark, presenting an awe-inspiring sight to behold.

All of the foreign beings down below were low-grade cultivators, and they had never seen such a giant flying treasure before.

As such, all of them were completely petrified.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2326
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
