# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2371

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"Brother Han, seeing as you're intent on sticking up for this woman, it looks like a battle is unavoidable. Fairy Hua Xi, Brother Wu Gou, the three of us will take on Fellow Daoist Han. There's no need to defeat him; just keep him occupied so Qing Ping and Wan Hu can capture his companion. We'll split her treasures evenly, then make a replica copy of Daoist Tian Ding's cultivation arts for each of us, what do you think?" Xiao Ming asked as he turned to Fairy Hua Xi.

"What? The three of us are taking him on together? When did the deranged devil of the Blood Bone Sect become so cowardly?" Fairy Hua Xi scoffed.

"Hmph, you're only saying that because you don't know anything about Fellow Daoist Han. Let me tell you..." Xiao Ming's sentence was completed through voice transmission.

Fairy Hua Xi's expression changed drastically upon hearing what he had to say, and she cast a wary glance toward Han Li before nodding in response. "Alright, my dao companion and I will help you keep him occupied, but I'd advise Fellow Daoist Qing Ping and Fellow Daoist Wan Hua not to get any funny ideas after you capture that woman. Otherwise, you'll have to bear the consequences."

Daoist Qing Ping was ecstatic to hear this, and he hurriedly replied, "Rest assured, Fairy Hua Xi; we definitely wouldn't do something so foolish."

Mistress Wan Hua was also nodding emphatically with an eager expression.

Despite the fact that five Grand Ascension Stage beings were plotting against him right before his eyes, a faint smile appeared on Han Li's face as he transmitted his voice toward the horrified Fairy Ice Soul.

At the same time, he moved one of his pinkies ever so slightly behind his own back, and a virtually invisible golden thread flashed through the air.

Fairy Ice Soul's expression changed slightly upon hearing Han Li's voice transmission, and the fear in her eyes abated significantly.

"Go!" Xiao Ming yelled as a massive crimson cloud that was around an acre in area appeared around him, following which a giant nine-eyed toad emerged amid a low roar.

As soon as the Nine-eyed Blood Toad appeared, the nine demonic eyes on its head sprang open, releasing nine crimson pillars of light that hurtled directly past Han Li toward Fairy Ice Soul.

Fairy Ice Soul hurriedly twisted to the side in an alarmed manner before instantly teleporting over 1,000 feet away.

Right at this moment, Fairy Hua Xi swept her sleeves through the air to release a series of translucent palm-sized rings, of which there were over 100.

These rings emitted a faint buzzing sound at her behest before shooting through the air like a torrential storm, reaching Han Li in a flash and crashing toward him from all sides.

At the same time, Patriarch Wu Gou opened his mouth to release a burst of golden flames, which formed a sea of flames that inundated his entire body.

The sea of flames then swelled to become a fiery wave that was over 100 feet tall, and even before the wave had reached Han Li, an indescribable scorching sensation had already befallen him, as if the very space around him had been ignited.

As expected of a trio of Grand Ascension Stage beings, Xiao Ming and his allies were unleashing extremely fearsome attacks, and their teamwork was seamless.They had managed to force Fairy Ice Soul away from Han Li with ease, but strangely enough, Han Li was displaying no intention to go and help her.

Instead, a faint smile appeared on his face as he swept a hand through the air, summoning three small mountains that were each over 100 feet tall.

The trio of mountains revolved on the spot, transforming into an extremely thick light barrier, and the countless rings struck the light barrier amid a string of dull thumps, but the barrier remained completely unmoved.

As for the wave of golden flames, it was only able to make the light barrier flash slightly a few times, but was also unable to inflict any damage.

A cold look flashed through Han Li's eyes, and he suddenly let loose a low roar as he transformed into a giant golden ape that was over 1,000 feet tall amid a flash of golden light.

He then extended his arms out of the light barrier before him, then swung them viciously toward Fairy Hua Xi and Patriarch Wu Gou.

A resounding boom rang out as two balls of light, one azure and one black, were sent hurtling through the air before reaching Patriarch Wu Gou and Fairy Hua Xi in a flash, then reverted back into a pair of small mountains.

Even before the mountains had struck their targets, two bursts of tremendous force swept through the air, causing the space near Patriarch Wu Gou and Fairy Hua Xi to tremor slightly.

Fairy Hua Xi's expression changed slightly in the face of such a fearsome attack, and she immediately shot back in retreat while waving a hand through the air.

The countless rings instantly converged to form a giant translucent ring with a diameter of around 300 to 400 feet at her behest, then descended onto the oncoming mountain before rapidly shrinking.

A burst of piercing light erupted forth, and the mountain faltered slightly before drawing to a halt in mid-air.

Meanwhile, Patriarch Wu Gou made a hand seal, and the sea of golden flames nearby immediately converged toward the center to form a golden fiery giant that was over 1,000 feet tall before throwing a fearless punch at the oncoming mountain.

An earth-shattering boom rang out as the giant's fist clashed with the mountain, upon which the fiery giant's entire arm exploded into golden flames.

The mountain faltered slightly in mid-air before continuing onward, only to be greeted by the fiery giant's other fist, and the same sequence repeated itself.

However, at this point, the fiery giant's other arm had already regenerated, and it immediately lashed out again.

Thus, one punch after another slammed into the small mountain, causing it to tremor incessantly and preventing it from making any meaningful progress.

As for the Nine-eyed Blood Toad, it was swinging its long tongue violently through the air, creating a crimson net that was keeping a barrage of giant fist projections at bay.

The fist projections were being unleashed by Han Li from afar, and thus, a fierce battle ensued between the four Grand Ascension Stage beings.

Mistress Wan Hua and Daoist Qing Ping were ecstatic to see this, and they exchanged a quick glance, then teleported to either side of Fairy Ice Soul before she could do anything.

Mistress Wan Hua chuckled coldly as she plucked a black wooden hairpin out of her own hair, which immediately transformed into a black longsword in her grasp.

A layer of scorching black flames emerged over the sword's surface, and Mistress Wan Hua slashed the sword through the air, conjuring up a black fiery python that was over 1,000 feet in length, which pounced toward Fairy Ice Soul with a ferocious roar.

Meanwhile, Daoist Qing Ping swept a sleeve through the air, and an azure horsetail brush appeared in his hand before being swept toward Fairy Ice Soul from afar.

Countless streaks of azure light instantly appeared, covering virtually the entire sky and encompassing Fairy Ice Soul from all directions.

Fairy Ice Soul's expression darkened slightly upon seeing this, and she raised a hand to summon a translucent ice shield before opening her mouth to expel a ball of energy onto the shield.

The shield immediately transformed into a translucent ice barrier that was giving off a glacial aura, protecting her from all sides.

The azure threads struck the ice barrier like a torrential storm, but they were all kept at bay.

As opposed to being disheartened to see this, Mistress Wan Hua's eyes lit up as she pointed a finger toward the black fiery wyrm.

The black flames on the wyrm's body immediately swelled up by around twofold, and it pounced toward Fairy Ice Soul with unstoppable might.

The black flames were making the surrounding temperature spike drastically, nullifying most of the glacial Qi being released by the ice shield.

All of a sudden, a massive bolt of lightning that was as thick as a water tank appeared out of thin air amid a resounding thunderclap before striking the black wyrm's head with unerring accuracy.

Countless arcs of silver lightning exploded in all directions, and the black wyrm's body disintegrated into specks of black flames amid an anguished cry.

"Who's there?" Mistress Wan Hua exclaimed as she hurriedly inspected her surroundings.

Before she had a chance to do anything, another loud thunderclap rang out, and countless arcs of silver lightning appeared before quickly converging to form a ball.

Golden light flashed within the lightning, and a massive shimmering golden creature appeared.

Mistress Wan Hua hurriedly focused her gaze on the creature to find that it was an enormous crab that was about an acre in size with a pair of dazzling giant claws.

Mistress Wan Hua was quite stunned to see this creature, and the fearsome aura emanating from the giant golden crab's body told her that this was a formidable opponent.

Before she had a chance to consider where the giant crab had come from, it raised one of its pincers before snapping it shut.

A semi-transparent giant pincer projection immediately appeared out of thin air before snapping viciously toward her alongside countless arcs of silver lightning.

Mistress Wan Hua harrumphed coldly as a massive black lion projection emerged behind her, and it opened its cavernous mouth to release a ball of black light toward the huge pincer.

The ball of black light immediately exploded upon contact with the pincer, transforming into a series of fiery chains that instantly bound the pincer tightly.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2371
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
