# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2384

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Right at this moment, the five golden heads on the giant's neck opened their mouths to let loose a chorus of sharp screeches.

As a result, the space around the giant's headless body warped and twisted, and a shimmering golden light barrier appeared.

The barrage of invisible sword Qi struck the light barrier in a torrential storm, only to be repelled and completely unable to harm the light barrier.

At the same time, one of the ghostly faces on the giant's body vanished, and a new head quickly appeared in the place of the decapitated one amid a burst of black Qi.

Jin Tong remained completely expressionless upon seeing this, but a cold light suddenly flashed through its eyes, and spatial fluctuation erupted on either side of the giant, following which two streaks of sword Qi that were over 100 feet in length surged toward him in a crisscross formation.

The seemingly indestructible light barrier was instantly vanquished, and the giant was decapitated once again.

However, a second ghostly face quickly vanished from the giant's body, and yet another head appeared in the place of the newly decapitated one before cackling in a derisive manner, "I have the power of 1,000 ghosts within my body, which means that I have 1,000 lives. Even if you kill me hundreds of times, it won't do anything. Now then, let me see if you can withstand an attack from the power of 1,000 ghosts!"

As soon as his voice trailed off, all of the ghostly faces on Netherworld Monarch Menace's body suddenly converged toward his arms, following which he made a grabbing motion with both hands in unison.

Countless bursts of black Qi surged forth, and all of the ghostly faces peeled themselves off the giant's arms before putting on extremely menacing expressions.

All of a sudden, the pair of massive claws detached themselves from the giant's arm before swelling to around an acre in size, and one of them shot forth toward Jin Tong, while the other hurtled directly toward Han Li.

Jin Tong's expression changed slightly for the first time at the sight of the oncoming giant claw, and it immediately vanished into thin air amid a flash of golden light.

However, the giant claw made a grabbing motion, and the countless ghostly faces nearby warped slightly before five black chains shot out of the claw's fingertips.

The five chains suddenly vanished into thin air, then abruptly pulled back, and Jin Tong was wrenched out of space amid a burst of violent spatial fluctuations with the five black chains wound tightly around its body.

The giant claw immediately gripped onto Jin Tong before attempting to crush Jin Tong in its grasp.

All of the ghostly faces around the claw suddenly began to howl loudly, then exploded into bursts of black Qi that instantly inundated both Jin Tong and the giant claw.

However, in the next instant, two streaks of invisible sword Qi that were over 100 feet in length emerged within the black Qi before destroying the giant claw and the black chains, following which Jin Tong sprang out of the black Qi as a ball of golden light.

However, the countless ghostly faces were reformed within the black Qi in a flash, and the giant claw was instantly manifested between them before hurtling toward Jin Tong again.

The sword Qi being released from Jin Tong's eyes were extremely powerful, but it seemed that the ability couldn't be used too many times, and after it was eradicated by the giant claw a few more times, Jin Tong was forced to retreat as it fought.

Meanwhile, the massive claw gave chase without any inhibitions by relying on its immortal body, and a tense chase ensued.

At the same time, Han Li was facing the other giant claw, but instead of taking evasive measures, his massive body swelled further in size, and silver formations appeared all over his skin as he lashed out toward the giant claw with his six huge golden fists, aiming to destroy the claw with the prowess of his physical body alone.

Having activated his Hundred Meridian Refinement Mantra to its maximal extent, his six golden fists were powerful enough to release six golden tornadoes that caused the space in their wake to warp and twist violently, presenting an awe-inspiring sight to behold.

In the face of such fearsome attacks, the giant claw didn't slow down in the slightest, and all of the ghostly faces around it began to cackle while opening their mouths.

As soon as the six golden tornados reached the massive claw, they were split apart and devoured by the ghostly faces, which swelled drastically in size before releasing a series of black threads out of their mouths, instantly forming a black net.

Upon being struck by the six giant golden fists, the black net only swayed slightly, but wasn't torn apart, and it took advantage of the opportunity to encompass Han Li's entire body.

However, right at this moment, scorching silver flames erupted from Han Li's body, forming a fiery cloud that forcibly kept the black net at bay.

Meanwhile, the giant claw reached into the sea of flames without any hesitation, while the black threads being released by the ghostly faces managed to prevent the silver flames from approaching.

Thus, the massive claw pierced through the fiery cloud without any impediment before grabbing toward one of Han Li's three heads.

Even before it had actually reached the head, five bursts of black Qi surged out of the claw's fingertips, forming five black chains that descended from above.

Han LI harrumphed coldly upon seeing this, and he raised his three heads before opening his mouths in unison, releasing three gusts of fierce azure winds that blew the black chains off course.

Immediately thereafter, the azure wind reached the giant claw, and a string of crisp clangs rang out as the wind transformed into several tens of small azure swords that attacked the claw in a frenzy.

However, the giant claw seemed to be indestructible with the support of the power of 1,000 ghosts, and the small azure swords were only able to leave countless faint white marks on its surface.

A dull thump rang out as the massive claw finally crushed the protective spiritual light around Han Li, only to be kept at bay by several silver formations that had appeared on the head that it was reaching toward.

Countless ghostly faces reappeared on the surface of the huge claw, and a burst of chanting rang out, following which the five fingers of the claw abruptly thickened, and the power it was releasing increased by over tenfold.

In the face of such devastating power, even the silver formations were beginning to groan and creak, looking as if they could shatter at any moment.

Han Li heaved a faint sight upon seeing this, and he immediately laid a hand onto the top of his own head, which opened up to release several balls of light of different colors.

Each ball of light contained the projection of a different true spirit being, and they evolved through the air before plunging into Han Li's body in a flash.

In the next instant, a string of loud booms rang out, and a series of golden scales appeared over Han Li's body amid a flash of purplish-golden light.

At the same time, a short horn emerged from each of his three heads, following which the nearby world's origin Qi converged before being funneled toward Han Li in a frenzy.

It was clear that Han Li wouldn't be able to defeat Netherworld Monarch Menace through conventional means, so he had finally unleashed his Third Nirvana Transformation.

After completing the transformation, Han Li let loose a thunderous roar before grabbing onto the giant claw with two of his hands, then crushed the claw with ease.

Immediately thereafter, he opened his mouth to release a burst of golden light, which swept up the net up above before drawing it into his mouth to be devoured.

Netherworld Monarch Menace was extremely alarmed to see this, and he hurriedly pointed a finger in that direction.

Countless ghostly faces immediately appeared around Han Li once again, and all of them adopted enraged expressions before quickly chanting an incantation.

Thus, another giant claw quickly began to take shape among the ghostly faces.

"Do you really think you can keep using this trick over and over again?" Han Li harrumphed coldly as he lashed out with his six fists in unison.

Spatial fluctuations erupted all around him, and six golden vortexes appeared out of thin air before revolving rapidly on the spot, releasing extremely fearsome suction force and even faint traces of the power of laws.

All of the ghostly faces only had a chance to let loose a few anguished wails before they were completely swept into the vortexes.

Netherworld Monarch Menace was astonished to see this, and he immediately made a hand seal, upon which the ghostly faces that had disappeared from his body reappeared.

They then opened their eyes to release green threads of light, converging to form a massive pillar of light that was as thick as a water tank before instantly covering a distance of several thousand feet to reach Han Li.

A fierce look appeared on Han Li's face, and he reached a massive scaled hand toward the oncoming pillar of light.

An earth-shattering boom rang out as the green pillar of light was stopped cold in its tracks by Han Li's hand, then exploded as a giant ball of light.

Once the dust settled, Han Li's hand was revealed again, and it was completely unscathed.

Even though he had endured countless battles in the past, Netherworld Monarch Menace couldn't help but be flabbergasted to see this.

Just as he was about to unleash some other type of ability, Han Li suddenly made a grabbing motion with one hand, and a dark green longsword immediately appeared amid a flash of green light, then instantly swelled to over 100 feet in length.

Han Li then gripped onto the hilt of the sword with all six of his hands before slashing it through the air with a solemn expression.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2384
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
