# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2389

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"I didn't think that a true immortal would chase us so persistently like a mad dog. However, rest assured, he won't be able to do anything to us before my spirit liquid runs out," the Six-winged Frost Centipede replied in a resentful manner as he also opened his eyes.

"It's all because you goaded him with those insulting words that he's so persistent in pursuing us," the Ice Phoenix harrumphed coldly.

"You don't know anything! If I hadn't made him lose his cool with my insults, there's no way we would've been able to successfully escape from him using that secret technique. If worse comes to worst, then we'll have to leave this continent and return to the Tian Yuan Continent. Surely he wouldn't continue to pursue us onto another continent," the Six-winged Frost Centipede said in a cold voice.

The Ice Phoenix's eyes lit up slightly upon hearing this. "Leaving the Blood Sky Continent is actually not a bad idea. That man descended onto the Blood Sky Continent from the True Immortal Realm, so he must have something important to do here. Once we escape to the Tian Yuan Continent, there's a good chance that he'll let us go."

"That would naturally be ideal," the Six-winged Frost Centipede replied with a nod.

Thus, after resting for close to another day, they didn't dare to remain in the mountain any longer and shot out as two streaks of light to continue fleeing from their pursuer.

However, the two of them had only just emerged from the mountain when spatial fluctuations erupted all around them, and four humanoid figures appeared, all of which were giving off extremely fearsome auras.

The two of them were naturally quite alarmed by this, and they immediately drew to a halt before inspecting the four people who had appeared around them, upon which they discovered that the group was comprised of two men and two women, all of whom were at the Grand Ascension Stage.

"Are the four of you here for me?" the Six-winged Frost Centipede asked as his eyes narrowed slightly.

"We are indeed here for you, Fellow Daoist," an azure-faced man wearing a crimson robe replied.

The Six-winged Frost Centipede's expression changed slightly upon hearing this, and he said in a cold voice, "Oh? You really are here for me? I don't recall making enemies of any of you during my time on the Blood Sky Continent."

"Please don't misunderstand; we're not here to target you. Instead, we'd like to request your assistance," the azure-faced man replied with a hint of a smile on his face.

The Six-winged Frost Centipede was extremely frustrated after being pursued for so long, and the arrival of these four Grand Ascension Stage beings finally tipped him over the edge as he flared with rage. "This is how you request assistance from people? What if I refuse?"

If these people couldn't give him a satisfactory response, then perhaps he really would lash out against them.

In any case, with his powerful movement technique, he would be able to easily escape with the Ice Phoenix even if he couldn't defeat these four in battle.

The azure-faced man's expression remained unchanged, and he replied, "Please remain calm, Fellow Daoist; the proposal we're bringing to you is immensely beneficial for both sides. You're currently being pursued by someone, right?"

The Six-winged Frost Centipede's heart stirred slightly upon hearing this. "What do you mean by that?"

"It's very simple: we want you to lure your pursuer to a certain place. As long as he dares to pursue you to that place, it will become his final resting place. Wouldn't you agree that this is mutually beneficial?" the azure-faced man asked.

"You want to ambush him?" The Six-winged Frost Centipede was stunned to hear this.

"That's right. However, if we want to accomplish this, then we'll require your cooperation," the azure-faced man replied.

The Ice Phoenix was also astonished to hear this proposal.

"Do you know who we're being pursued by? You think the four of you can stand a chance?" the Six-winged Frost Centipede asked with a cold smile.

"Who says the four of us are the only ones involved in this? Hehe, regardless of who he is, the fact of the matter is that he slew countless living beings on our Blood Sky Continent for his blood sacrifices. Even if he's a true immortal, there's no way we're going to let him leave the Blood Sky Continent alive," the azure-faced man said as a proud look appeared in his eyes.

"Haha, that's very reassuring to hear. Alright, I'll lend you my assistance," the Six-winged Frost Centipede agreed.

The azure-faced man was rather befuddled by the Six-winged Frost Centipede's reaction, but the important thing was that he had agreed to this proposal.

Thus, the azure-faced man swept a sleeve through the air to release a jade slip, and said, "This jade slip contains the location that you need to lure your pursuer to. As long as you can do that, he'll be as good as dead. I'm sure you won't disappoint us, Fellow Daoist."

"Rest assured, my own life is on the line here, so I definitely won't screw this up," the Six-winged Frost Centipede replied in a calm manner as he caught the jade slip.

"Good. In that case, we wish you the best of luck. We still have some matters to attend to, so we'll be taking our leave now," the azure-faced man said as he cupped his fist in a parting salute.

After that, the four of them quickly vanished on the spot amid a burst of spatial fluctuations, while a contemplative look appeared on the Six-winged Frost Centipede's face.

"Are you really planning to act as a lure for them?" the Ice Phoenix asked.

"It would be well worth acting as a lure if we can get rid of this major threat. At the very least, it's far less risky than trying to flee back to the Tian Yuan Continent," the Six-winged Frost Centipede replied.

"You saw that man kill those Grand Ascension Stage beings; do you really think those people are a match for him?" The Ice Phoenix was still very skeptical.

"You heard what they just said; even if he's a true immortal, they're not going to let him leave the Blood Sky Continent alive. They must've prepared a lot of backup measures considering how confident they are; it's just that they have no idea that they really are dealing with a true immortal. If they want to use me as bait, then let them pay the price," the Six-winged Frost Centipede replied with a derisive smile.

"What if that madman manages to escape from that trap? He'll definitely realize that you were the one who lured him into it, and when that time comes, he'll most likely put an end to this game of cat and mouse once and for all. If he gets serious, we'll be in far more trouble than we are now." The Ice Phoenix was still quite concerned.

"I've considered this already. Even if that man really is a true immortal, most of his power would be sealed away in this realm. Even if he does manage to escape from a trap set by so many Grand Ascension Stage beings, he'll definitely emerge with severe injuries. Under those circumstances, it would take him an indefinite amount of time just to recover, so he'll have no choice but to stop pursuing us. As such, this is the best opportunity for us to escape from him. It's a little risky, but the risk is definitely worth taking," the Six-winged Frost Centipede replied.

On this occasion, the Ice Phoenix seemed to have been convinced, and she finally nodded in agreement to this plan.

"Alright, seeing as you have no objections, let's see where this ambush is being set up," the Six-winged Frost Centipede said as he pressed his jade slip against his own forehead, then injected his spiritual sense into it.

Moments later, the Six-winged Frost Centipede stowed the jade slip away, and said, "Let's go. I've learned the location, and that madman should be about to get here soon."

He then rose up into the air and flew away as a streak of light, and the Ice Phoenix could only follow suit after heaving a faint sigh.

Meanwhile, the black-robed young man was approaching atop his rainbow cloud countless kilometers away.

......

At the same time, Han Li opened his eyes with an elated expression as he stood in front of an ancient altar.

"I've found it! This altar has shown me the coordinates of the entrance to the Small Spirit Sky!"

"Is that true, Senior Han?" Zhu Guo'er was ecstatic to hear this.

"It is. It was worth coming all the way here in search of these ancient altars," Han Li replied with a smile, and the massive round light barrier in the air above the altar immediately vanished at his behest.

"Senior Han, now that we know the location of the entrance, are we going there right away?" Zhu Guo'er asked in an excited manner.

"There's no rush. According to the map of the Blood Sky Continent, the entrance to the Small Spirit Sky is no longer on the continent itself. Instead, it's situated deep in the ocean quite far away from the continent," Han Li replied with slightly furrowed bros as he referred to the map of the Blood Sky Continent in his memory.

Zhu Guo'er's smile immediately faded upon hearing this. "What? The entrance is under the sea? It must be really hard to find then."

"Don't worry, I've already anticipated such a situation. Hua Shi, we'll be counting on you," Han Li replied with a smile before turning to Patriarch Hua Shi.

"Rest assured, Master Han, the underwater world is no different from the world on land to me, so I definitely won't disappoint you," Patriarch Hua Shi replied in a respectful manner.

Han Li nodded with a pleased expression upon hearing this, then released a burst of light to sweep up his two companions before rising up into the air.

After just a few flashes, the trio returned to the giant black ark, which immediately sped away.

......

Seven days later, a masked man was standing on a sand dune in an extremely obscure desert, looking into the distant sky in an expressionless manner.

The area below the sand dune had already been dug out, and tens of thousands of elite Blood Dao disciples were gathered there, but they didn't make so much as a single sound.

Beneath their feet was a super formation that encompassed close to half of the entire desert, and there were thousands of top-grade spirit stones embedded onto its surface.

Furthermore, there was a group of special disciples holding formation plates seated near the formation core.

In the sky above, which was concealed behind a vast blanket of dark clouds, another super light formation had also been set up, but it was completely concealed by an extremely profound restriction.

Within that super light formation, around a dozen Grand Ascension Stage beings from the Blood Sky Continent were waiting patiently for something.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2389
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
