# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2397

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Not long after this, news of the three most powerful beings of the Green Spirit Race being killed by a Grand Ascension Stage human being began to spread.

The foreign races neighboring the Green Spirit Race were extremely alarmed to hear this, and they immediately sent out scouts to verify the authenticity of this news.

Soon, the entire Small Spirit Sky was completely stirred up into a frenzy.

At this point, the Inkspirit Holy Ark had already left the territory of the Green Spirit Race and was heading toward human territory on the other side of the Small Spirit Sky.

Several days later, a group of powerful human beings were seated around a stone table in an antiquated stone hall situated on a tall mountain, discussing something with one another with grim looks on their faces.

These humans were comprised of three men and one woman, all of whom were at the Body Integration Stage.

"Can we confirm the news to be accurate? Was it really a Grand Ascension Stage human being who killed those three Green Spirit beings and Ancient Ancestral Tree Spirits?" a middle-aged man with a dark complexion asked.

"Our scouts were unable to enter the Green Sea, but judging from the reactions of all of the races, the information is most likely accurate. Otherwise, the Green Spirit Race wouldn’t have withdrawn all of its members into the Green Sea in an emergency retreat during the past few days," a white-haired elderly man replied as he stroked his own beard.

"But we all know that no Grand Ascension Stage being has ever arisen from our human race in the Small Spirit Sky, and it'll most likely never happen in the future, either," a green-robed woman said with furrowed brows.

"Perhaps I would agree with you in the past, but have you forgotten about Fairy Moon? In such a short time, she was able to progress from the Spatial Tempering Stage to the pinnacle of the Body Integration Stage; perhaps she can become the first Grand Ascension Stage human being of our Small Spirit Sky," a white-robed man said.

The blue-robed woman's expression changed slightly upon hearing this, but she still shook her head as she said, "Fellow Daoist Moon's aptitude doesn't require further elaboration. In just 2,000 years, she's become the most powerful being of our human race and can even match an Ancient Ancestral Tree Spirit in battle. However, I don't think it's plausible to expect Fellow Daoist Moon to reach the Grand Ascension Stage with the lack of spiritual Qi in our Small Spirit Sky."

"It's indeed implausible, but with Fairy Moon's aptitude, there's still a chance," the white-robed man countered.

"If Fairy Moon really can progress to the Grand Ascension Stage, that would be extremely fortunate for our human race. However, in her current state, it would require at least several more centuries of cultivation before she can begin attempting a breakthrough. By the way, Fairy Moon is currently cultivating an extremely important secret technique, so I'm not sure if she can attend this meeting," the white-haired elderly man said in a calm manner.

"Rest assured, Fellow Daoist Tie; Fairy Moon is currently unable to come out of seclusion, but I've already sent her a report of the situation, and I'm sure she'll give us a response soon," the white-robed man replied.

"That's good to hear. I feel rather uneasy not having Fairy Moon present to discuss such an important matter with us. Now then, let's think about where this Grand Ascension Stage human being could've come from," the white-haired elderly man said.

"It's most likely a Grand Ascension cultivator from another realm," the blue-robed woman speculated.

"That is indeed the likeliest scenario. However, seeing as this Grand Ascension Stage being is human, he must have come from the Spirit Realm. Also, he was able to enter our Small Spirit Sky, so he must have a way of returning to the Spirit Realm; this is an unmissable opportunity for us to go to the Spirit Realm," the man with the dark complexion said.

"Only in the Spirit Realm will we have a chance at reaching the Grand Ascension Stage. Even though beings from other races have discovered exits that can allow them to leave this realm, none of them have been able to withstand the fearsome spatial power within the passageways, so they could only give up. If that Grand Ascension Stage human being really did force his way into the Small Spirit Sky from another realm, then this would be a massive opportunity for our entire human race," the white-robed man said as a fervent look appeared in his eyes.

"Unfortunately, we don't know much about the Spirit Realm, and we still don't know whether this Grand Ascension Stage being came from the Spirit Realm; we can't even be sure if he's a human cultivator. However, one thing is for sure: that man will most likely visit our human territory, so we have to prepare some precautionary measures. We have to be prepared just in case this man develops some sinister intentions toward our human race," the white-haired elderly man said in a cautious manner.

"You're right, but considering that man was able to kill the three Ancient Ancestral Tree Spirits, his powers are clearly far beyond ours; only Fairy Moon will stand a chance against him. After all, Fellow Daoist Moon is the only one among us with powers close to the Grand Ascension Stage," the white-robed man said.

"It most likely won't be possible for Fairy Moon to come out of seclusion anytime soon. After all, she's currently..." The white-haired elderly man's voice was suddenly cut off here when a streak of silver light approached the hall before flying into it in a flash.

It then transformed into a small silver sword that descended toward the stone table that everyone was gathered around.

Attached to the small sword was a white jade slip, and the white-haired elderly man immediately detached the jade slip from the sword.

Immediately thereafter, the silver sword shuddered slightly before flying out of the hall as a streak of silver light.

Thus, everyone turned their attention toward the jade slip that the elderly man was holding.

The elderly man pressed the jade slip against his own forehead, then closed his eyes and injected his spiritual sense into it.

Moments later, he reopened his eyes with an elated expression, and said, "It's a message from Fairy Moon; she's agreed to go and meet that Grand Ascension Stage being with us when he arrives in our human territory."

"That's great news! Having Fellow Daoist Moon accompany us would be greatly reassuring," the white-robed man said with an elated expression, and everyone else's expressions also eased slightly.

After that, a short discussion ensued before everyone departed from the stone hall to make the required preparations.

Elsewhere, within a secluded valley, there was a secret chamber, the entrance to which was sealed by a layer of glacial ice.

There was a white-robed woman seated on a pristine silver disk in silent meditation. The woman was as still as a statue, and even though her facial features were concealed by a faint silver light barrier, it was apparent that she was an exceptional beauty.

......

Close to a month later, a mountainous black ark suddenly appeared above a mountain range out the outskirts of human territory.

After just a few flashes, the ark flew over the mountain range and traveled deeper into human territory, leaving behind countless stunned onlookers in the mountain range.

The humans of the Small Spirit Sky had never seen such a massive flying treasure before, and some of them had the presence of mind to send out messages announcing the ark's arrival into human territory using some special treasures.

Even though the Inskpirit Holy Ark was extremely eye-catching, no one tried to stop it as it continued deeper into human territory.

Two days later, the ark passed over a large lake before stopping above a set of small mountains.

"That's where my mother's cave abode is, Senior Han. Aside from my mother and myself, there are some sisters and uncles of mine who are also living on these mountains," Zhu Guo'er said in an ecstatic voice, then immediately flew directly toward one of the mountains as a streak of silver light.

"It looks like she really is homesick. Otherwise, she wouldn't be rushing out without even taking her leave," Han Li chuckled.

"Guo'er has never left her home for this long before, so it's only natural that she's extremely eager to be reunited with her family," Patriarch Hua Shi said in a respectful voice.

As soon as his voice trailed off, Han Li and Patriarch Hua Shi appeared in front of the ark amid a flash of azure light, and both of them began to inspect the small mountains down below.

Right at this moment, Zhu Guo'er disappeared into a certain spot halfway up the mountain.

A faint smile appeared on Han Li's face, and he waited patiently up above.

He could sense that there were some people on the mountains using treasures to spy on him and the giant ark in secret, but they didn't dare to appear before him.

A short while later, a young woman in a set of simple attire suddenly emerged from the mountain that Zhu Guo'er had disappeared into.

The woman bore a strong resemblance to Zhu Guo'er, and she was holding tightly onto Zhu Guo'er's hand as both of them emerged with teary eyes.

"Junior Shi Xianyun pays her respects to Senior Han! Guo'er has told me that you are her savior; I am truly indebted to you," the woman said as she and Zhu Guo'er knelt down toward Han Li from down below.

Han Li's expression changed slightly as he sensed the woman's Spatial Tempering Stage cultivation base, and he said, "You must be Zhu Guo'er's mother. As expected, you possess a decent cultivation base. There's no need for formalities; I came here to bring Guo'er back home, but also to ask you some questions."

"Of course. Please come in, Senior Han. I don't have any spirit tea or spirit wine to welcome you with, but I do have some spirit fruits that are very uncommon in other realms, and I hope they'll be to your liking," Shi Xianyun said in a respectful manner as she rose to her feet.

"Please pardon my intrusion then. Hua Shi, you can stay out here for now," Han Li instructed.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2397
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
