# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 1643

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Immediately thereafter, one of Han Li's hands took on an inky-black color, and he suddenly made a grabbing motion. A massive grey hand that was around 10 feet in size appeared out of thin air, and the five fingers spread open with grey light shimmering around them before meeting the oncoming black paw.

Despite the vast disparity in their sizes, the large grey hand was able to keep the black paw at bay after a thunderous collision.

Black and grey light intertwined with one another as explosions rang out incessantly, and a strange shockwave also erupted into the heavens around them.

At the same time, the giant azure lotus flower revolved around Han Li, and loud thunderclaps erupted as countless golden arcs of lightning surfaced. In the blink of an eye, a golden lightning lotus flower took shape outside the azure lotus flower.

The petals of the golden flower flashed, and a layer of shimmering golden arcs of lightning proliferated in all directions, crashing into the converging black arcs of lightning amid a string of deafening thunderclaps.

As soon as the two types of lightning came into contact with one another, they intertwined and clashed as if they'd each encountered their mortal enemy. Countless sparks of electricity flashed amid black and golden light before exploding on after the other, and both of the monstrous face's devastating attacks were kept at bay by Han Li.

The giant face faltered upon seeing this, but it then immediately let loose a cold harrumph as a frosty light flashed through its eyes.

Immediately thereafter, it opened its cavernous mouth, and gusts of black winds surged forth from within as a black hole that was around an acre in area appeared before the black Kirin. Black light was swirling rapidly within the hole, and it seemed as if it were threatening to suck in everything in this entire world.

Xian Xian was still completely immobilized, but a panicked look appeared on her face upon seeing this, and she hurriedly yelled, "Look out! That's the Great Engulfment Technique!"

Back when she was in her azure Kirin form, she had also fallen prey to the same ability, but the version being unleashed by this black Kirin now was far more powerful than what she'd experienced.

Han Li was also quite startled by this attack, and after hearing Xian Xian's words of warning, he immediately flipped a hand over to produce a miniature black mountain that was several inches in size, then hurled it into the air.

Immediately after leaving his hand, the mountain swayed before swelling drastically in size, reaching over 10,000 feet tall in just the span of a few breaths. At this point, it was comparable in size to the black Kirin up ahead, and most of the entire sky was obscured by the giant black mountain peak.

He was planning to use this devastatingly powerful mountain to crush the black hole along with the black Kirin's entire body.

However, the scenes that unfolded next had Han Li's expression changing drastically.

A vast expanse of black light suddenly erupted from the massive black hole, and after striking the Divine Essencefused Mountain, the black light transformed into several black runes that were each around 10 feet in size, all of which disappeared into the mountain in a flash.

Immediately thereafter, the mountain shrank rapidly down to its original miniature size, then disappeared amid a flash of black light.

In the next instant, the treasure appeared at the edge of the black hole before being forcibly drawn into it.

Han Li was astonished to find that in that instant, his connection with the Divine Essencefused Mountain had become extremely feeble, as if it were on the verge of being severed entirely.

He had already refined this mountain to the extent that it was virtually an extension of his own body, so it was quite incredible that his opponent was still able to forcibly take it from him.

Thus, a grim expression appeared on Han Li's face, and he began to chant something, upon which silver light flashed from the back of his inky-black hand. A miniature mountain projection immediately appeared, and following a flash of grey light, the projection took on a substantial form as the black mountain surfaced over his palm again, as if it had never been hurled through the air in the first place.

A faint cry of surprise escaped the monstrous face's mouth upon seeing this.

It was naturally unaware that the Divine Essencefused Mountain had been refined using the Hundred Meridian Refinement Mantra, so unless Han Li's entire hand were to be chopped off, he'd be able to summon the mountain back to him even from vast distances away.

However, just as Han Li was about to unleash another ability, the true might of the Great Engulfment Technique was finally unveiled.

Following a burst of unsettling cackling, the light in the surrounding area dimmed, and a gust of putrid winds swept toward Han Li, following which he found himself in an entirely inky-black space.

The black lightning and the giant paw had abruptly disappeared, and Han Li's heart jolted as he discovered that he was unable to release his spiritual sense of his body at all.

Blue light immediately flashed through his eyes as he hurriedly inspected his surroundings, and he discovered that even after unleashing his spirit eye ability, he was only able to just barely catch a blurry glimpse of the area within a radius of 1,000 feet.

However, everything around him was a vast expanse of murky darkness, and it was as if he'd been drawn into an unknown space.

Despite this, Han Li was confident that he hadn't moved a single inch from his original spot, which meant that he'd most likely been swallowed into the monster's stomach.

This Great Engulfment Technique really was extremely profound; he didn't even get a chance to take evasive measures before he fell prey to it.

With that in mind, the azure and golden lotus flowers beneath his feet blossomed in a flash, forming two light barriers around him. Furthermore, there was also a crystalline light barrier that had appeared around his body as the innermost layer of protection.

He had witnessed what had just happened to Xian Xian and the silver-armored man, so he was naturally proceeding with extreme caution.

Even so, Han Li certainly wasn't going to just be content with being trapped in here.

As such, he flicked his 10 fingers through the air in quick succession, and streaks of sharp sword Qi shot forth all around him in a torrential downpour.

However, all of these streaks of sword Qi simply disappeared amid dull thumps after flying for over 1,000 feet, as if they'd all fallen into an inescapable swamp.

Han Li's expression darkened upon seeing this, and he made a hand seal that gathered all of the golden arcs of lightning around him toward his body. Immediately thereafter, a loud thunderclap rang out as a golden lightning wyrm that was over 100 feet in length took shape, then pounced forward in a flash.

A resounding boom rang out as the golden wyrm crashed into some kind of restriction over 1,000 feet away, and a golden halo exploded like a supernova, sending waves of golden lightning radiating in all directions.

The entire space tremored violently as if it were about to completely collapse in the next instant, but a sharp cry suddenly rang out as another black hole that was over 100 feet in size appeared before the waves of golden light. Black light swirled within the black hole, and all of the golden light disappeared into it along with the shockwaves resulting from the explosion.

Immediately thereafter, the black hole twisted and warped before transforming into a black-robed man wearing a white mask on his face.

Han Li raised an eyebrow as he narrowed his eyes upon seeing this man.

"There's no way you're going to be able to escape from here. The other two were able to escape as I intended for them to do so, but you're not going anywhere," the black-robed man said in a muffled voice that was identical to that of the monstrous face.

"Really? I don't think so!" A peculiar look flashed through Han Li's eyes before he let loose a cold harrumph.

The harrumph seemed to be quite ordinary, but the black-robed figure abruptly shuddered over 1,000 feet away before plummeting from the sky like a dead log.

Han Li had unleashed his Spiritstun Thorn ability, and the black-robed man had been caught completely off guard.

Immediately thereafter, a loud thunderclap erupted from behind Han Li, following which a pair of translucent wings appeared on his back.

He flapped the wings gently and abruptly disappeared on the spot. In the next instant, an arc of azure and white lightning flashed beside the plummeting black-robed man, following which Han Li reappeared out of thin air. An azure longsword then appeared soundlessly in his hand, and he slashed it through the air to slice both the black-robed man and his mask in half.

After that, Han Li immediately rubbed his hands together before raising them in unison, sending arcs of golden lightning hurtling through the air.

The two halves of the black-robed man's body were reduced to balls of black Qi amid rumbling thunderclaps, and it appeared that he was going to be completely destroyed in the next instant.

Han Li was quite relieved to see this, and a hint of a smile finally appeared on his face.

However, his smile instant stiffened in the next instant as he discovered that the black Qi within the golden lightning had suddenly fled the scene as a series of black snakes.

His Divine Devilbane Lightning was indeed extremely powerful, but it still only managed to cut off most of those black snakes, thereby allowing a small portion of them to escape. After that, these black snakes all transformed into short humanoid figures.

These humanoid figures were all identical in appearance to the black-robed man except they were only around a foot tall each, but there were over a hundred of them.

These black-robed figures blurred in a wraith-like manner, and in the next instant, Han Li found himself surrounded by these black-robed midgets.

Cold light flashed through these black-robed figures' eyes in unison, and all of them raised their hands at once to send pillars of black light hurtling directly toward Han Li.

However, the pillar of black light all disappeared like sandcastles in the rising tide after coming into contact with the barrier of grey light around Han Li's body.

The black-robed midgets were all rather taken aback by this development while a cold smile appeared on Han Li's face.

His Divine Essencefused Light was the bane of all five-elemental powers, and those pillars of black light were imbued with extremely pure water-attribute spiritual power, thereby making the Divine Essencefused Light the bane of their existence.

At this moment, Han Li suddenly stomped a foot down onto his azure lotus flower, and countless streaks of azure light shot forth in a torrential downpour. All of the black-robed midgets in the surrounding area were punctured countless times by these streaks of light, thereby reducing them to clouds of black Qi again.

"Kukuku, just give up, little brat. Here in my body, my soul is immortal. You'll only be making more enemies for yourself by destroying our bodies!" A burst of unpleasant cackling rang out from the darkness.

Sure enough, the clouds of black Qi flashed again to form several hundred more black-robed beings, expect on this occasion, they were only around several inches tall each.

Han Li's eyelids twitched upon seeing this, following which a cold light flashed through his eyes. He then flipped his hand over to produce a golden blade segment; it was none other than the incomplete Profound Heavenly Treasure he'd just obtained earlier.

He didn't know what the monstrous face intended by trapping him in here, but he certainly wasn't going to allow it to get its way. Using this blade segment would most likely expend a vast amount of his magic power, as well as the power of his projection, but there was no way that his opponent would be able to withstand the power of laws. He was going to kill this monster in a single strike to put an end to this battle.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-1643
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
