# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 1653

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

These two had witnessed Han Li's true power before, so they weren't surprised that the attack unleashed by the being enshrouded under crimson light had been nullified with ease. However, both of them were currently appraising Han Li with indecisive looks in their eyes.

As for the figure enshrouded under the crimson light, Han Li had also managed to glean its appearance using his spirit eye ability, and he discovered that this was a beautiful woman in a crimson palatial dress.

Even though she'd managed to recover her two flying swords, she still wore a shocked expression, clearly very much taken aback by the power of Han Li's Divine Essencefused Light.

The three of them had surrounded Han Li, and all of them remained silent, but they clearly didn't intend to just let him leave.

A faint smile appeared on Han Li's face upon seeing this, and he cast his gaze toward the distance.

Earth-shattering explosions were still erupting incessantly within the fiery cloud, and the commotion seemed to be even louder than before. However, there were black waves of water erupting from down below, striking up at the fiery cloud from time to time.

The fiery cloud and the black waves seemed to be the bane of one another's existence, and their clashes resulted in violent explosions that threatened to tear the entire sky apart.

Han Li's eyes flashed upon seeing this, and countless thoughts raced through his mind as he contemplated what to do next.

After a brief silence, the elderly man said, "Fellow Daoist Han, I recall that you entered the mountain ranges with Junior Yue. Is he here in the nearby area as well?"

"Unfortunately, Fellow Daoist Yue was killed not long ago," Han Li replied in a truthful manner as a solemn expression appeared on his face.

"He's dead?! Can you tell me who killed him?" the elderly man exclaimed in a shocked manner.

"During the time of the incident, no one was by his side, so I don't know who the perpetrator is," Han Li replied as his brows furrowed slightly.

"Oh, I see." The elderly man's expression darkened significantly, clearly not believing that Han Li was telling the truth.

Han Li could only give an internal wry chuckle upon seeing this.

It appeared that this old man was of the opinion that he had played a part in Yue Zong's death. However, he didn't have any ties with the elderly man, so he naturally wasn't going to explain anything. As such, he cast his gaze toward the other two beings in a calm manner, and asked, "Are you planning to let me leave?"

"Why ask a question you already know the answer to? Hand over the immortal zoysia, and you're free to go," the green-haired being said in a cold voice as a vicious light flashed through his eyes.

"Immortal zoysia? Hehe, do the two of you bear the same intentions?" Han Li asked with a cold chuckle.

The elderly man's expression stiffened slightly, but he didn't say anything.

In contrast, a cold light flashed through the woman's eyes as she said in a cold voice, "We don't have much time left; let's join forces to kill him, then we'll split the immortal zoysia evenly among us. Otherwise, once that devilish crocodile and giant toad catch up to us, we'll be in trouble."

As soon as her voice fell, she rubbed her hands together, and a fan that was embroiled in crimson flames appeared in her grasp amid a flash of crimson light.

The fan was only around a foot in size, but the entirety of it was constructed from a glittering and translucent white jade. There were countless crimson runes engraved onto the surface of the fan, all of which were shimmering like scorching flames.

"Alright, getting a third is better than nothing." The green-haired being was quite vicious and violent, but he wasn't an idiot. After quickly assessing the situation, he also decided that joining forces was the best course of action, and he immediately flipped his hand over to produce a small antiquated cauldron. The cauldron then swelled to several feet in size in the blink of an eye before hovering in front of him.

Upon seeing the measures adopted by the other two beings, the elderly man hesitated momentarily before gritting his teeth and also sweeping his sleeve through the air.

A ball of silver light shot forth from within, revealing itself to be a shimmering silver seal.

It was only around an inch in size when it had first appeared, but it then swelled drastically to several tens of feet.

At the same time, howling winds and loud thunderclaps erupted from it, and thus, the three-way alliance was complete.

Han Li's lips twitched upon seeing this, and he heaved an internal sigh.

These three beings were all at the pinnacle of the Spatial Tempering Stage, so they definitely wouldn't be much slower than him. Hence, trying to escape from them wouldn't be a feasible option. The only way to get out of this situation would be to defeat or kill all three of them. This was something he'd already realized as soon as he'd captured the immortal zoysia.

As such, he wasn't flustered in the slightest in the face of his current situation, and he even seized the initiative by unleashing the first attack.

He waved an arm through the air, and the small black mountain projection sent waves of grey light hurtling toward the elderly man. At the same time, the small mountain swelled to several hundred feet in size before descending with devastating might.

The elderly man's heart jolted with shock, and he immediately flew back in retreat while pointing a finger at the silver seal before him.

The seal let loose a faint ringing sound, and it also expanded to several times its original size before rising up to meet the oncoming mountain.

An earth-shattering boom rang out as a ball of scintillating light exploded from the underside of the mountain.

The entire heavens tremored violently as invisible shockwaves erupted in all directions as a result of the clash.

The silver seal was quite a powerful treasure, yet it certainly couldn't compare with the Divine Essenfused Mountain that had been refined twice already.

As such, it was only able to stop the Divine Essencefused Mountain in its tracks for a split second before it was shattered by the mountain's extraordinary weight.

Thus, the massive mountain continued to crash downward while sending a vast expanse of grey light surging toward the elderly man.

The old man's expression changed drastically as he opened his mouth to expel a thin white veil. The veil fluttered through the air before transforming into a white cloud that drifted upward.

At the same time, white light flashed past the elderly man's face as he flicked his 10 fingers through the air in rapid succession, sending incantation seals of different colors disappearing into the cloud.

As soon as the massive black mountain struck the cloud, most of its power was nullified as if it had struck a massive cotton ball.

The white cloud tremored upon impact, but it was able to keep the mountain at bay, much to Han Li's surprise.

During this brief delay, the green-haired being and the woman in the palatial dress also sprang into action.

The green-haired being opened his mouth to blast forth a ball of green Qi onto the cauldron before him, and it let loose a faint ringing sound as its lid flew off of its own accord.

In the next instant, a burst of light erupted from within the cauldron before proliferating through the air. Heaven and earth dimmed slightly as a result, and gusts of dark yellow winds were swept up before transforming into several yellow wind dragons that pounced directly toward Han Li.

As for the woman in the palatial dress, she gently waved her fan through the air, and the runes on its surface flashed as countless balls of crimson flames erupted from it in a frenzy, all of which also hurtled directly toward Han Li.

Han Li remained completely expressionless as he appraised the oncoming attacks. At the same time, he flipped his hand over to reveal a shimmering azure cauldron of his own amid a flash of azure light. It was none other than the Heavenvoid Cauldron!

Immediately thereafter, he opened his mouth to expel a silver fireball, which instantly transformed into a silver Fire Raven that was around a foot in size.

"Go!" Han Li commanded as a swept a sleeve through the air.

The small azure cauldron shuddered, and it rose up as its lid abruptly disappeared.

A piercing ringing sound that erupted directly into the heavens rang out from within the cauldron, and all of the images of beasts and birds carved onto its surface became blurry and indistinct.

Brilliant azure spiritual light erupted, and a series of giant beasts and monstrous birds appeared around the small cauldron. All of them then let loose ferocious roars as they pounced toward the oncoming yellow wind dragons.

Thus, both sides clashed in a fierce battle, and they seemed to be rather evenly matched.

Meanwhile, the silver Fire Raven spread its wings and flew directly toward the oncoming crimson fireballs.

It was quite obvious even at first glance that these crimson fireballs weren't comprised of ordinary flames.

The woman in the palatial dress also wore a relaxed expression on her face, seemingly immensely confident in the power of the crimson fan in her hand.

However, in the next instant, her expression abruptly changed drastically.

Just as the silver Fire Raven was about to charge headfirst into the flurry of fireballs, it suddenly let loose a clear cry as it spread its wings wide open, and it began to expand at an alarming rate as if it were a silver bird-shaped balloon.

10 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet, 100 feet...

In the blink of an eye, the silver Fire Raven had swelled to around 300 feet in size, and there were specks of white intermingled within its silver feathers, yet also silver runes shimmering within those white specks. Looking at it from afar, it was like a shimmering silver phoenix that one didn't dare to directly appraise.

Han Li was also rather surprised to see this.

He knew that the Spirit Engulfing Fire Raven would undergo some kind of evolution after devouring the Golden Crow True Flames, but this astonishing display that it was putting on still took him by surprise. Furthermore, the Fire Raven hadn't even completely refined the Golden Crow True Flames yet.

The Spirit Engulfing Fire Raven possessed a certain level of spiritual nature, so it didn't require any instructions from Han Li before it abruptly flapped its wings forward, sending silver feathers hurtling through the air.

From a distance, it appeared as if countless silver arrows had been let loose, and each and every one of them punctured a crimson fireball with unerring accuracy.

Loud explosions rang out incessantly as the fireballs began to bulge and warp, then detonate one after another.

The woman in the palatial dress was quite stunned to see this, but still managed to keep her cool as she tossed her fan up into the air. She then made a hand seal with her other hand before pointing up at the fan in a solemn manner.

Spiritual light flashed, and a crimson pillar of light shot forth from her fingertip before disappearing into the fan.

The runes on the surface of the fan surged as they rapidly formed a series of strange images that were constantly transforming.

All of the remnant flames from the fireballs that had been destroyed immediately flew in different directions, as if they were about to form fireballs once again.

However, right at this moment, the silver feathers that had punctured the fireballs suddenly ignited into fist-sized balls of silver flames.

These silver fireballs shuddered before whistling through the air and pouncing toward the crimson flames nearby.

All of the crimson flames that came into contact with these silver fireballs disappeared in a flash, having been devoured by the silver fireballs without being able to offer up any resistance.

All of a sudden, most of the crimson flames in the air above had been eradicated.

The woman's face immediately turned deathly pale upon seeing this.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-1653
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
