# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2408

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"Do we know why this true immortal has descended into our Spirit Realm? Our realm has been out of contact with the True Immortal Realm since ancient times; a true immortal would have to expend an unimaginable price to descend into our realm, and they'll have to be restricted by the power of laws of our realm. As such, there has to be a reason for his arrival," Mo Jianli analyzed.

"I'm not too sure about that, and I never received any information on this subject from the He Lian Trade Guild. All of the beings of our realm who have come into contact with this true immortal have perished, so there's no way to investigate his objective," Han Li replied with a shake of his head.

"If I were the one in charge of the trade guild, then I would find out this piece of information at all costs," Mo Jianli said.

"You're right, Brother Mo. I'll pass on this suggestion to Fellow Daoist Ming Zun right away to see if there's any way that this can be accomplished. However, I'm not too optimistic," Han Li replied with a nod.

"No matter how slim the chances are, we have to try. If we can find out that true immortal's objective, we'll be able to have far more leverage both in battle or in negotiation, regardless of which option we chose to pursue," Mo Jianli said.

"Do you have any suggestions other than that, Brother Mo?" Han Li asked.

"Judging from what you just told me, you have two acquaintances who irked this true immortal and were pursued all the way to the Thunder Continent before disappearing, is that true?" Mo Jianli asked.

"Fellow Daoist Ming Zun informed me of this in person, so it should be reliable information. Neither of these acquaintances of mine are human, but one of them is a good friend of mine, while for the other, it's hard to say whether he's friend or foe," Han Li replied.

"In that case, I'd advise you to try and get into contact with these two. I don't know how they managed to irk this true immortal, but if we can track them down, we'll be able to seize some initiative," Mo Jianli said.

Han Li's brows furrowed slightly upon hearing this. "You're suggesting we use them as bait?"

"If that true immortal really pursues them onto the Tian Yuan Continent, there's nowhere they'll be able to hide! As such, even if it's to save their own lives, they'll have no choice but to act as bait; Fellow Daoist Ming Zun of the He Lian Trade Guild most likely has the same plan in mind. Otherwise, he wouldn't have told you about this," Mo Jianli said.

"Hmm, they were already used as bait once on the Blood Sky Continent, so I'm not sure if they'll be willing to comply again. However, if they really do come to our human race to seek protection from me, then they should be willing to cooperate with me. Having said that, it won't be a simple task to get into contact with them; I'll get my disciples to try and arrange that," Han Li replied with a nod after a brief moment of contemplation.

"It would naturally be best if those two fellow daoists were willing to cooperate. As for whether that true immortal will fall for the same trap twice, I don't think there's any need to worry. This is a man who's brazen enough to sacrifice hundreds of millions of living beings, so he clearly thinks no one in our Spirit Realm can pose a threat to him. Even if he knows that it's a trap, he'll step into it without any inhibitions. Though, I still hope that true immortal can complete his objective without having to step onto our Tian Yuan Continent. Otherwise, even if you can defeat him, he would still most likely bring a major disaster upon our continent," Mo Jianli said with a wry smile.

"Considering how unfathomable his powers are, things like plots and traps will most likely be useless anyway. Hopefully, we won't have to actually face him in battle," Han Li sighed in response.

"You made the right decision to join the alliance gathered by the trade guild, Brother Han. Otherwise, no individual race on the Tian Yuan Continent would be able to face that true immortal. It's a pity that my powers are quite ordinary among Grand Ascension Stage beings, so I can't assist you much. I'll disperse the human residents of major cities with high population densities as soon as possible. In that case, even if that true immortal targets our human race, our losses will be kept to a minimum. On top of that, I'll prepare some powerful restrictions within the city as a precautionary measure," Mo Jianli said with a serious expression.

"That sounds like a good plan, Brother Mo. Now that I've informed you of the situation, I'll be returning to the Azure Origin Palace tomorrow," Han Li replied with a nod.

Thus, the two of them chatted with one another for close to two more hours before Mo Jianli finally took his leave.

Han Li and Nangong Wan accompanied him out of the hall before watching as he flew away as a streak of white light.

"Are you going into seclusion again once we get back?" Nangong Wan asked after the streak of white light disappeared into the distance.

"That's what I plan to do. I obtained several profound secret techniques during my trip; it won't be possible to completely master them in a short time, but even an elementary level of mastery could assist me greatly," Han Li replied as he stroked his own chin in a contemplative manner.

"You're right, I just didn't expect our human race to face such a severe tribulation as soon as we returned. The path of cultivation is truly an arduous one," Nangong Wan sighed with a forlorn expression.

"You're overthinking things, Wan'er. Cultivation in itself is an act that defies the heavens, so hardships are only to be expected. Hehe, where's the fun in competing with other people? The true fun lies in contending with the heavens," Han Li chuckled before returning to the ark's cabin.

Nangong Wan faltered slightly upon seeing this before a faint smile appeared on her face, and she also followed along behind Han Li.

The next day, the Inkspirit Holy Ark departed from Deep Heaven City.

......

Two months later, the ark returned to the Azure Origin Palace on the Origin Integration Island of the Boundless Sea.

Tens of thousands of human and demonic cultivators were gathered on the massive plaza in the palace, kowtowing to welcome the return of their patriarch.

Han Li and Nangong Wan emerged from the ark, followed by Zhu Guo'er and the others.

"Welcome back, esteemed patriarch!"

The welcoming words of tens of thousands of people rang out across the entire plaza.

Han Li merely gave them a nod of acknowledgment before making his way toward the gate of the Azure Origin Palace. In contrast, Nangong Wan was astonished.

She had heard from Han Li that he had established his own forces in the human race, but never did she think that it would be on such a grand scale.

After all, he had only recently reached the Grand Ascension Stage, so she had thought that it would take some more time for him to garner such widespread support.

Hai Yuetian was standing in a respectful manner in front of the Azure Origin Palace, and he immediately made his way over to Han Li before extending a deep bow.

"Hai Yuetian pays his respects to his master."

"This is my dao companion, Nangong Wan; come and greet her as well," Han Li said as he pointed at Nangong Wan.

Hai Yuetian was rather taken aback to hear this before extending a respectful bow toward Nangong Wan in an ecstatic manner. "Hai Yuetian pays his respects to Mistress Nangong Wan. Master has finally been reunited with you!"

"I've heard much about you from your master, Hai Yuetian; you're certainly very handsome," Nangong Wan said with a smile.

"Thank you for your kind praise, Mistress!" Hai Yuetian was even more elated upon hearing this.

However, a stern look suddenly appeared on Han Li's face as he interjected, "Hmph, looking pretty is all that he's good for. If he worked even a third as hard as Qi Lingzi in his cultivation, his cultivation base wouldn't be so pitiful."

Hai Yuetian's smile immediately faded upon hearing this, and he mumbled in a barely audible voice, "I'm already doing my best; how can I possibly compete with a cultivation freak like Senior Martial Brother Qi Lingzi?"

An amused smile appeared on Nangong Wan's face upon hearing this, while Han Li aimed a stern glare at Hai Yuetian before making his way into the Azure Origin Palace.

At this point, all of the disciples on the plaza were also departing in an orderly fashion, and Nangong Wan naturally became a hot topic of conversation among them.

Han Li sat down on the main seat in the hall of the Azure Origin Palace, then instructed some people to organize lodging for the cultivators from the Small Spirit Sky before turning to Hai Yuetian. "Where is Fairy Silvermoon?"

"Not long after your departure, Senior Silvermoon went into seclusion, and she's most likely at a critical juncture of her cultivation, which is why she hasn't come out to see you," Hai Yuetian said as he stole a wary glance at Nangong Wan.

"That's a real shame. I wanted to have a good chat with Sister Silvermoon, but there's always time for that in the future. Yuetian, make sure to inform me right away as soon as Sister Silvermoon emerges from seclusion," Nangong Wan instructed with a faint smile.

"Yes, Mistress!" Hai Yuetian was quite taken aback to hear this, and despite the fact that he was maintaining a serious expression, the look in his eyes clearly betrayed his thoughts.

Han Li was both amused and exasperated to see this, and he rolled his eyes as he dismissed Hai Yuetian.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2408
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
