# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2411

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"There's someone with a death wish pursuing us," Ma Liang replied.

"Leave them to me, Master," Yang Deer said in a respectful manner.

"The pursuer is quite powerful; you may not be able to defeat them easily," Ma Liang replied with a shake of his head.

Yang Deer faltered slightly upon hearing this before a thought suddenly occurred to it. "They're that powerful? Could it be the most powerful being of the Armored Boar Race? What a coincidence."

"Oh? You know who our pursuer is?" Ma Liang asked as an intrigued look appeared in his eyes.

"If I'm not mistaken, the pursuer should be the number one grand elder of the Armored Boar Race. Apparently, his powers aren't inferior to those of us true spirits, and he ranks among the top five most powerful beings of the entire Spirit Realm," Yang Deer replied.

"Top five, eh? No wonder he dares to pursue us all on his own. In that case, I'll refine his soul into the main spirit of my Myriad Spirit Blood Seal," Ma Liang chuckled coldly.

Immediately thereafter, he swept a sleeve through the air to release a small crimson seal, which vanished into thin air as a ball of crimson light.

Yang Deer's expression changed slightly at the sight of the seal. Back when it had faced Ma Liang in battle with the other two true spirits, it had witnessed the power of this treasure firsthand.

Even the three true spirits combined hadn't been able to contend with this seal, which was why they had been forced to activate the chains of laws as a last resort.

All of a sudden, a loud thunderclap rang out, and a flying bone carriage appeared in the distance amid countless arcs of silver lightning.

The carriage then drew to a halt just over 1,000 feet away from Ma Liang and Yang Deer.

At the front of the carriage stood a thin elderly man from the Armored Boar Race.

The man had a head of long grey hair and a pair of green eyes, and there were around a dozen bone rings of different sizes around his arms. There were also two murky grey flags on his shoulders, each of which was several feet tall with countless ghostly shadows on their surfaces, and they were releasing bursts of ghostly howls.

"You're a true spirit!" the elderly man exclaimed as soon as his gaze settled on Yang Deer.

Yang Deer was quite taken aback to hear this, but it remained expression as it replied, "Oh? I'm surprised you managed to recognize me right away."

"Why has a true spirit like you slain so many juniors of our race and destroyed our intercontinental teleportation formation?" the elderly man asked.

"Those juniors dared to oppose my master, so they had to die to atone for their actions," Yang Deer replied in a nonchalant manner.

"Your master?" The elderly man was astonished to hear this, and he immediately directed his gaze toward Ma Liang.

All of a sudden, he recalled a piece of news that he had recently received, and his heart immediately jolted violently. However, his expression remained unchanged, and he put on a calm smile as he replied, "I see, so it was those juniors who overstepped their boundaries first. In that case, I apologize in their stead. I still have some matters to attend to, so I'll be taking my leave now."

As soon as his voice trailed off, the elderly man flew back on his bone carriage amid a flash of countless arcs of lightning.

"Hehe, you're not going anywhere." A cold smile appeared on Yang Deer's face as it took a step forward while making a grabbing motion, and the giant black ax reappeared in its grasp before being swung viciously through the air.

A black blade projection erupted out of the ax, transforming into a black wave that swept directly toward the bone carriage.

The elderly man's expression darkened slightly upon seeing this, and one of the bone rings around his arms immediately sprang forth before swelling to around an acre in size.

Countless grey runes then appeared on its surface, and it crashed directly toward the grey blade projection.

An earth-shattering boom rang out as the black blade projection was vanquished, while the bone ring reverted back to its original size and was sent flying back.

However, the bone carriage wasn't slowed down in the slightest, and in the blink of an eye, it was over 10,000 feet away.

Just as the elderly man heaved an internal sigh of relief and was about to focus on getting away, a mountainous crimson seal projection suddenly appeared out of thin air amid a rumbling boom before slowly descending from above.

The seal appeared to be moving extremely slowly, but it instantly appeared above the bone carriage, then released a burst of law fluctuations that locked the carriage into place.

The elderly man's heart jolted upon seeing this, and he hurriedly released the two flags on his shoulders, which swelled to over 100 feet in length in a flash, then released hundreds of malicious ghosts, all of which were at the Body Integration Stage and were releasing fearsome baleful Qi.

At the same time, the dozen or so bone rings around the elderly man's arms also shot forth, and all of them displayed different powers as they hurtled directly toward the giant seal projection.

A string of resounding booms rang out, and the bone rings struck the seal projection one after another before instantly shattering.

As for the hundreds of malicious ghosts, all of them were destroyed after being swept up by the law fluctuations being released by the projection.

All the while, the giant seal projection was still descending from above.

The elderly man's expression changed drastically upon seeing this, and he immediately made a hand seal before injecting his magic power into the flying carriage beneath him in a frenzy.

Arcs of silver lightning flashed erratically over the surface of the bone carriage, and it transformed into a five-clawed bone dragon that let loose a thunderous roar before attempting to teleport away.

Ma Liang gave a cold harrumph upon seeing this, then pointed a finger at the giant crimson seal projection from afar.

The projection immediately shuddered as a series of crimson runes appeared on its surface before vanishing in a flash.

At the same time, a string of dull thumps rang out around the bone dragon, and countless crimson tentacles shot out of thin air before binding onto the bone dragon like restrictive chains.

The dragon struggled with all its might as lightning flashed all around it, but it was unable to escape from these tentacles.

The elderly man's heart sank slightly upon seeing this, and he immediately opened his mouth to expel several mouthfuls of blood essence, which drifted onto the bone dragon's body as clouds of blood mist.

The bone dragon's body immediately swelled drastically in size amid a thunderous roar, instantly reaching over 10,000 feet in length, attempting to break free from the crimson tentacles with its sheer size.

However, the tentacles around the bone dragon's body also grew alongside it and refused to let go. Finally, it transformed into a river of blood that completely trapped the bone dragon, and the elderly man's heart sank even further upon seeing this.

He swept his spiritual sense up toward the giant seal, and a hint of fear surfaced in his eyes as he detected the enormous power of laws imbued within the seal.

"It looks like I have no choice but to stay. In that case, let me witness the power of your immortal secret techniques." The elderly man gritted his teeth as he laid a hand onto the top of his own head, and his Nascent Soul immediately emerged.

In contrast with the elderly man himself, the Nascent Soul was wearing a suit of shimmering golden armor with a crimson spear in one hand, and a white bone bell in the other. On top of that, it had a sinister ghostly face on the back of its head.

As soon as the Nascent Soul emerged, it immediately summoned around a dozen identical projections.

The projections raised their crimson spears in unison, releasing around a dozen streams of crimson flames that surged forth before converging to form a massive fiery python with a dozen heads.

The heads all let loose a menacing hissing sound before the python pounced toward the giant seal projection, and at the same time, the small bone bells were also tossed forward before instantly swelling to around 10 feet in size, then began to release strings of crisp chimes.

......

"Interesting. It seems that the He Lian Trade Guild on the Tian Yuan Continent is seizing the initiative and recruiting a large number of powerful beings to target me. I recall that one of the powerful beings I killed on the Blood Sky Continent was also from that trade guild. Looks like it's about time I paid the guild a visit and razed it to the ground," Ma Liang chuckled coldly as he released the lifeless body of the elderly man, which plummeted straight out of the heavens.

"Overall, the He Lian Trade Guild is no less powerful than the Jiao Chi Race; you have to proceed with caution, Master," Yang Deer said in a respectful manner.

After witnessing Ma Liang slaying someone no less powerful than itself with ease, any thoughts of betrayal that Yang Deer harbored had been completely erased.

"The more powerful this guild is, the greater the intimidatory effect on everyone else will be when I destroy it. Even though I'm not afraid of the alliance they're forming, I don't want it to delay the completion of my mission. However, prior to that, I have to use the secret technique to examine whether my target is actually on this continent," Ma Liang said in an unhurried manner.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2411
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
