# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2417

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"What are you planning by getting those three to guard the Profound Heavenly Treasures in the formation? The Bipolar Annihilation Formation was also passed down by my ancestors, and as far as I know, the formation cores don't require any protection. If the true immortal really does manage to make it to the formation core, the formation will have already crumbled," the figure said in a curious manner.

"Hehe, I have my reasons for doing this. Perhaps they'll survive by staying in the formation cores," Ming Zhun chuckled in response.

"As the shadow of our trade guild, I have no interest in whatever sneaky plans you have, but if we obtain True Soul Pills from that true immortal, then one must be given to me. With that pill, I'll be able to truly master the Nine Tribulation Spirit Vanquishing Arts, thereby giving me a chance to ascend to the True Immortal Realm. Even if this plan succeeds, your trade guild would be expending a massive price," the figure said.

"If we manage to obtain True Soul Pills, then you'll definitely be given one. As for the sacrifices our trade guild is making, those are necessary for success. Besides, I'm sure the treasures of such a powerful true immortal would be enough to make up for those losses," Ming Zun replied.

"I certainly hope so. Now that everyone else has set off, I'll be going as well. Make sure you withstand at least the first wave of attacks from that true immortal. Otherwise, I'm not going to be saving you," the figure chuckled before vanishing into thin air again.

Throughout this entire process, the figure's appearance had remained completely hidden.

Following the figure's departure, Ming Zun murmured to himself, "The same applies to you; if you fail in your surprise attack, you most likely won't be able to get away, and I won't save you, either."

......

At this point, Han Li had already been led into the Bipolar Annihilation formation by the guard from the trade guild.

According to Ming Zun's introduction, this formation was comprised of over 36,000 formation treasures, and was being powered by tens of thousands of top-grade spirit stones.

The formation spanned most of Baleful Cry Point, and the two formation cores were situated very far away, with one located in the north, while the other was in the south.

After flying along behind the guard for a while longer, Han Li finally arrived at the formation core he had been assigned to.

This formation was comprised of a giant altar surrounded by eight massive golden pillars.

Layers of restriction fluctuations were emanating from the golden pillars, and the pillars were each surrounded by a group of armored guards.

The altar itself was triangular in shape and extremely smooth. Its top half was enshrouded within a rainbow light barrier, and at the very top, there was something flashing incessantly.

"This is the formation core, and all of these people are for you to use as you see fit, Senior Han," the guard said in a respectful manner as he offered a silver badge to Han Li with both hands.

"Of course. I'm quite interested in the Profound Heavenly Treasure in the formation core, but I wouldn't jeopardize this entire plan just to satisfy my own curiosity," Han Li replied.

"Thank you for your understanding, Senior. I'll be taking my leave now." The guard extended a parting salute before flying back the way he had come.

Only then did Han Li look down at the badge in his hand to find that it was glowing with silver light, and there were countless tiny runes engraved on its surface. The runes were arranged in an extremely profound pattern, striking the beholder with a sense of dizziness.

After inspecting the badge for a short while, Han Li stowed it way before making his way toward the altar.

"We pay our respects to Senior Han!" All of the guards present, of which there were close to 1,000, immediately extended respectful greetings toward Han Li.

Han Li swept his spiritual sense toward these guards to find that most of them were at the Deity Transformation Stage or Spatial Tempering Stage, and there was a Body Integration cultivator leading each of the eight groups. "No need for formalities. Seeing as I'm in charge here, I'll establish one rule: anyone who doesn't follow my orders will be killed, understood?"

"Yes!"

The guards immediately answered in unison, then continued to stand on guard around the golden pillars.

Meanwhile, Han Li vanished on the spot before appearing at the center of the white altar. After taking a glance at the altar beneath his feet, he sat down onto it with his legs crossed.

All of a sudden, Daoist Xie's surprised voice rang out within his spiritual sense. "This seems to the Bipolar Destruction Formation of the True Immortal Realm."

"Bipolar Destruction Formation? Shouldn't it be the Bipolar Annihilation Formation?" Han Li asked.

"No, the Bipolar Annihilation Formation is also a type of immortal formation, but it's quite simple in design and mainly used to kill enemies; it's far less intricate and profound than the Bipolar Destruction Formation," Daoist Xie replied.

"What additional abilities does this Bipolar Destruction Formation have?" Han Li asked.

"The Bipolar Destruction Formations has three abilities: trapping, debilitation, and self-detonation, and all of those abilities are extremely troublesome to deal with even for a true immortal. In particular, self-detonation can be activated as long as a sufficiently powerful treasure or being is sacrificed within the formation cores, and the resulting explosion will be so powerful that it could even kill a high-grade true immortal," Daoist Xie explained.

Han Li's heart immediately jolted upon hearing this. "Self-detonation can be activated by sacrificing living beings?"

"That's right. Both precious treasures or powerful living beings could be used as sacrifices. Once the sacrifice begins, everything within a radius of hundreds of kilometers around the formation core will be destroyed and reduced to energy to power the formation," Daoist Xie replied.

Han Li's expression remained unchanged, but internally, he was furious to hear this. "So that's why Ming Zun asked the three of us not to leave the formation cores we're guarding."

Daoist Xie continued, "Theoretically speaking, even the Bipolar Annihilation Formation would be extremely difficult to set up in a lower realm, let alone the Bipolar Destruction Formation, which is far more complex and profound. Judging from this formation core, this formation is still different from the Bipolar Destruction Formation that I'm familiar with."

"The materials in the Spirit Realm naturally can't compare with those that can be found in the True Immortal Realm; many substitutes were most likely used. As a result, the effects and power of this formation should also be impacted; can you identify the specific differences?" Han Li asked in a contemplative manner.

"I'm only a Faux Immortal Puppet used in battle, not a formation-setting puppet; I can only see that this formation is different from its immortal counterpart, but I'm unable to identify the exact differences," Daoist Xie replied.

"That's quite troublesome. I want to take down that true immortal, but I certainly don't want to be destroyed with him as a sacrifice," Han Li said as a cold light flashed through his eyes.

After a brief pause, Daoist Xie said, "I have a method that you can use to save yourself."

"What is it?" Han Li hurriedly asked.

"I can alter this formation core slightly so that the area you're currently situated in will be exempt from the destructive effect of the sacrifice," Daoist Xie replied in a calm manner.

Han Li hesitated momentarily before arriving at a decision. "Alright, we'll do as you say."

"I require the help of your Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch in order to be able to do this in a completely stealthy manner," Daoist Xie said.

"That's not an issue. Jin Tong, make sure to follow all of Brother Xie's instructions to a fault," Han Li replied before issuing an instruction to the Gold Devouring Beetle Monarch in his spirit beast bracelet.

After that, Han Li remained seated in a completely still manner, but a speck of golden light shot out of one of his fingertips, which was concealed up his sleeve, then vanished into thin air in a flash.

In the next instant, a burst of faint spatial fluctuations undetectable even to Body Integration cultivators emerged near one of the golden pillars, following which a golden beetle around the size of a grain of rice appeared.

The beetle landed on the pillar before crawling surreptitiously over its surface, leaving a trail of spirit patterns in its way that were almost too small to see with the naked eye.

At the same time, Daoist Xie's instructions were ringing out within the golden beetle's spiritual sense, and a series of formation diagrams were also appearing in the beetle's mind.

The guards around the golden pillar were naturally completely oblivious to this.

After that, the other seven pillars were also subsequently tampered with by Jin Tong in secret.

......

High up in the sky in another area of Baleful Cry Point, Yin Gangzi and the other Grand Ascension Stage beings were concealed within a certain area of space, and all of them were waiting for something in silence.

All of a sudden, Ming Zun appeared beside them amid a burst of spatial fluctuations.

"Brother Ming, why are you on your own? Where are the other three fellow daoists?" Mistress Wu Ling asked as her brows furrowed slightly.

"Rest assured, Fellow Daoist Wu Ling; those three have been assigned with the task of guarding the two formation cores. As long as this formation doesn't crumble, we'll be able to face that true immortal with no concerns for our safety," Ming Zun replied.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2417
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
