# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 2451

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

"Those were the wishes of my former master, and you'll only have a chance to fulfill them once you ascend," Daoist Xie replied with a nod.

Right at this moment, the five-colored cloud in the sky had become extremely enormous, and it was giving off an indescribably heavy aura.

"Please stay back, fellow daoists; I'm about to transcend my tribulation," Han Li said as he looked up into the sky through narrowed eyes.

Mo Guang and the others naturally had no objection to this, and they immediately flew away from Han Li.

At the same time, Han Li swept a sleeve through the air to release Jin Tong, who also flew away in a flash.

After that, he sat down with a calm expression.

Soon, Mo Guang and the others had appeared on the other side of the island, where they drew to a halt before turning back to face the center of the island from afar.

All of a sudden, a burst of loud rumbling rang out, and a giant black hole appeared within the five-colored cloud, following which a gust of grey wind swept forth.

Initially, the gust of wind was quite unremarkable, but as soon as it left the black hole, it descended from above as a sea of fierce wind.

"That's Heavenly Astral Wind; it looks like the ascension tribulation is about to arrive," Huo Xuzi said with a faint smile.

"This Heavenly Astral Wind is quite formidable, but Fellow Daoist Han has already prepared countermeasures against it, so he has nothing to fear," Mo Guang replied in an unhurried manner.

As soon as his voice trailed off, an azure lotus flower bloomed at the center of the island.

Initially, it was only around the size of a house, but it soon swelled to several acres in size before releasing countless streaks of azure sword Qi that sliced through the nearby space.

Lethal Heavenly Astral Winds descended from above, but the azure lotus flower remained completely resolute, shielding Han Li within it.

The storm of Heavenly Astral Wind lasted several hours, and if a normal Grand Ascension Stage cultivator were in Han Li's place, this storm alone would've whittled away most of their magic power, making it impossible for them to transcend the rest of the tribulation.

However, to Han Li, this was barely a warmup.

All of a sudden, the fierce winds gushing out of the black hole finally ceased, but it was immediately replaced by a scorching heatwave. Immediately thereafter, countless palm-sized crimson runes appeared around the edge of the black hole, and there were golden patterns flashing on each of the runes.

A string of dull thumps rang out as these runes quickly exploded into balls of crimson light, then came crashing down from above as a storm of lava, staining the entire sky a crimson color in the process.

The deserted island was extremely massive, and those on the outskirts of the island were situated very far away from Han Li, but they could still sense the scorching heatwaves surging toward them from the distance, prompting them to release protective treasures to defend themselves.

The Inkspirit Holy Ark also shuddered before releasing a black light barrier to protect everyone on the ark.

A hint of concern flashed through the eyes of Nangong Wan and the others upon seeing this. They were already struggling to withstand the heatwaves from so far away; the conditions had to be over 100 times worse for Han Li.

What was even more worrisome to them was that the heavenly tribulation had only just begun!

All of a sudden, a giant silver bird flew out of the massive lotus flower.

Initially, the bird was only several tens of feet in size, but it was able to completely disregard the storm of lava as all of its feathers took on a faint golden hue. At the same time, it swelled to over 10,000 feet in size while releasing a burst of glacial power, transforming the entire area within a radius of thousands of kilometers into a world of glacial ice.

......

Three days and three nights later, tribulations of all types of descriptions rained down from the heavens, but Han Li was able to nullify them with ease.

At this point, the entire island had already been destroyed, and there was only a light formation that was supporting the azure lotus flowers from below.

The nearby surface of the sea had also dropped by several tens of feet, and one half was completely frozen, while the other was a world of scorching lava.

Aside from Ice Soul, Silvermoon, and several other Grand Ascension Stage beings, everyone else had retreated further away.

......

Once the black hole in the sky disappeared, balls of purple lightning began to appear within the five-colored cloud, and the fearsome lightning tribulation finally arrived.

However, Han Li was already prepared for this, and he raised a hand up into the air, upon which a small grey mountain appeared above the azure lotus flower before instantly swelling to over 100,000 feet tall.

A series of grey halos then proliferated out of the mountain in all directions, and with each halo that the purplish-golden lightning flashed through, the power of the lightning would be slightly diminished.

These halos were imbued with some type of power of law that specifically repressed the power of heavenly lightning.

Some of the bolts of purplish-golden lightning didn't even make it to Han Li before the halos wiped them out of existence.

However, the remaining bolts of lightning were able to pass directly through the giant grey mountain as if it were nothing more than an illusion.

A burst of piercing blue light flashed within Han Li's eyes upon seeing this, and he immediately rose to his feet.

An almighty devilish projection with three heads and six arms then appeared within the azure lotus flower before making a grabbing motion to summon a massive dark green sword.

However, the projection paid no heed to the sword as a dense golden light barrier above it, and it clenched its six hands into tight fists before lashing out toward the heavens.

A string of earth-shattering explosions rang out as a giant golden vortex appeared above the devilish projection before releasing a burst of fearsome power.

The oncoming bolts of purplish-golden lightning were impacted by this power, and most of it was drawn into the vortex in a flash.

The little lightning that remained struck the golden light barrier above the devilish projection, causing it to tremor violently, but were unable to break through.

This was the immortal secret technique, Origin Astral Barrier, that Han Li had cultivated.

The purplish-golden lightning fell continuously for over an hour before subsiding, but a series of purplish-golden dragon projections then appeared in the sky.

They opened their mouths in unison, and house-sized balls of lightning came crashing down from the heavens.

......

A resounding boom rang out as the light barrier above the devilish projection finally disintegrated along with the dozen or so purplish-golden lightning dragons.

The five-colored cloud up above then parted while the thunderclaps subsided, and a giant expressionless face that had appeared in the sky also began to blur.

A burst of piercing purple light flashed behind the giant face, and a long white rift was slowly opened up.

"This is the gate to the True Immortal Realm!"

At this point, Han Li had already expended most of his magic power, but he was ecstatic as he reverted back to his human form. He looked up at the white rift with irrepressible excitement in his eyes, and right at this moment, the giant face that had almost completely faded suddenly opened its mouth again.

A loud thunderclap rang out, and a bolt of rainbow lightning came crashing down from above, piercing through the giant lotus flower and reaching Han Li in a flash.

Han Li was given a massive fright by this, and he hurriedly rubbed his hands together before raising them to release a burst of golden lightning. Immediately thereafter, he slashed his dark green wooden sword through the air to unleash a green sword projection.

A thunderous boom rang out across the entire sky, and a burst of scintillating light that lit up virtually the entire sea appeared above Han Li before quickly being destroyed by bursts of law fluctuations.

Han Li stumbled out into the open, and his face had turned extremely pale.

His entire body was charred black, and the wooden sword in his hand had snapped in half.

Han Li glanced down at what remained of his wooden sword, then looked up at the giant face in the sky, and upon discovering that it had actually disappeared on this occasion, he finally heaved a long sigh of relief.

A black light formation appeared beside him amid a burst of spatial fluctuations, and Mo Guang, Huo Xuzi, Daoist Xie, and Jin Tong appeared at once. "Hehe, congratulations on transcending your tribulation, Brother Han; you'll be able to ascend to the True Immortal Realm soon."

"Indeed, I've finally transcended my ascension tribulation and am about to become an immortal," Han Li murmured in a trance-like state.

A faint smile appeared on Mo Guang's face, and he was just about to say something further when dazzling light erupted out of the white rift in the sky, following which a white pillar of light descended to instantly envelop Han Li and the others.

The pillar of light began to revolve, and countless golden runes surged forth in a frenzy.

At the same time, a burst of suffocating law fluctuations from the True Immortal Realm proliferated outward in all directions, instantly sweeping through every corner of the entire Spirit Realm.

All of the Grand Ascension Stage beings were ecstatic to sense these fluctuations, and they immediately closed their eyes to immerse themselves within it.

Mo Guang and Huo Xuzi also exchanged an ecstatic glance upon seeing this, and the former vanished into Han Li's body as a burst of black Qi, while the latter flew up Han Li's sleeve as a crimson fireball.

Daoist Xie and Jin Tong were an Immortal Puppet and a spirit beast of Han Li's respectively, so they naturally didn't have to fear this pillar of light, and they also disappeared into a spirit beast bracelet on Han Li's wrist.

At this moment, around a dozen streaks of light appeared in the distant sky before approaching Han Li as quickly as they could, but it was already too late.

Han Li only caught a brief glimpse of Nangong Wan's urgent expression within one of the streaks of light before his body became completely weightless, and countless golden runes surrounded him, carrying him up toward the white rift along the pillar of light.

In the instant that he entered the rift, Han Li's entire body stiffened, and he immediately fell unconscious.

......

After an indeterminate period of time, Han Li opened his eye as a cool sensation flowed through his entire body, and he was greeted by an unfamiliar handsome young man, who smiled to reveal a set of pristine white teeth as he said, "I am Gao Sheng, and I welcome you to the Northern Glacial Immortal Region!"

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-2451
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
