# A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality -  Chapter 1922

Your browser does not support JavaScript!

Even the weakest of these Jialun War Devils possessed Deity Transformation Stage powers, and they had cultivated powerful devilish arts, so ordinary cultivators were naturally no match for them.

However, the unrest on the city wall only lasted for a short time before the chime of a bell rang out, and thousands of streaks of dazzling light suddenly shot forth out of the surrounding buildings. These were all high-grade human cultivators, and they immediately rushed forward to take on the Jialun War Devils.

The normal Jialun War Devils didn't pose much of a threat to the high-grade cultivators, but the several tens of Jialun War Devils that were leading from the front were far more powerful than their peers, and even when several high-grade cultivators joined forces to take on each of them, they still managed to brush these obstacles aside and carve out a path of blood as they rushed directly toward Heavenlean City.

Right at this moment, the ground near the city wall began to tremor violently, and 32 giant golden puppets wielding all types of weapons flew out from underground to oppose these leaders of the Jialun War Devils.

All tyes of treasures hurtled through the air amid a string of resounding explosions, and the puppets and Jialun War Devils seemed to be evenly matched.

The golden puppets all had bodies that were as resolute as treasures, and their weapons seemed to be imbued with traces of the power of heaven and earth. Furthermore, they were completely fearless in battle, thereby making them even more formidable.

Overall, the devilish army had naturally gained a slight upper hand on the entire battlefield, but with all of the restrictions in Heavenlean City, the humans were able to just barely keep the devilish army at bay.

Meanwhile, the crimson cloud that the Infernal Bloodform Guards had transformed into was churning and surging incessantly, and the sound of an intense battle could be heard coming from within it. However, not one could see exactly what was happening inside the cloud.

As for Fairy Silver Light and Fairy Lin Luan, both of them were being forced into retreat by their opponents, and it seemed that they wouldn't be able to last for very long. The situation was looking very bad for the Body Integration Stage human cultivators.

...

Han Li waved a hand through the air, and 72 azure flying swords swept forth before transforming into azure lotus flowers that rose up into the air, tearing a giant two-headed lion beast into countless pieces in an instant.

However, as opposed to being elated by this, Han Li's brows furrowed slightly upon seeing this.

Ever since he had been drawn into this strange space inside the rainbow pagoda, countless beasts had been manifested by the light around him and were attacking him in relentless waves.

Initially, these beasts posed no threat to him at all, and he was able to kill them with ease. However, there seemed to be no end to these beasts, and as soon as one wave was slain, another one would immediately emerge to take its place.

Han Li wasn't overly fazed by this. After all, this wasn't the first time that he had found himself in a Xumi treasure, and he was relatively confident that he would be able to escape from it.

Thus, he released his 72 flying swords to protect himself from the oncoming beast while searching for a node within this space to force his way out of. However, he quickly discovered that something wasn't right.

Just like the restriction within the Devil Sealing Lock, this space seemed to be completely boundless, and even after flying for a long while, he still hadn't found the end of the space.

As such, he was forced to stop and think of a way to escape.

"Looks like I'll only be able to break out of this place through brute force after I find the node in this space," Han Li murmured to himself.

Right at this moment, rainbow light flashed around him, and another wave of rainbow beasts emerged.

Han Li harrumphed coldly, and countless azure lotus flower projections swept forth in all directions, tearing through all of the surrounding beasts in an instant.

However, a slightly troubled look appeared in Han Li's eyes. He didn't know whether this was merely a figment of his imagination, but this new wave of beasts seemed to be more powerful than the previous waves. He was still able to kill them with ease, but he had expended slightly more magic power to do so.

It was only a very minor difference, but if things continued to progress according to this trend, then the situation really could become rather troublesome.

It seemed that he would have to get out of this place as soon as possible before things got out of hand.

With that in mind, he immediately pointed a finger toward his own glabella, and black light flashed as an inky-black demonic eye appeared.

It was none other than the Law Destruction Eye.

Having been nurtured by him for so many years, the demonic eye had developed many powerful abilities, and it would be perfect to help him find the most fragile node in this space.

Han Li began to make a series of hand seals while chanting something, and black runes began to swirl within the black demonic eye.

All of a sudden, the black runes flashed with spiritual light, and a black thread shot forth before vanishing into thin air in a flash.

Han Li closed his two eyes, but the third demonic eye was opened as wide as ever as he shot forth through the air as a streak of azure light, flying toward the direction that the black thread had disappeared in.

The light up ahead formed a new wave of beasts to stop him, and even though Han Li's eyes were closed, he still had a clear grasp on the situation unfolding before him.

All of the azure flying swords around him converged to form a single giant sword at his behest, then slashed through the air with vicious might.

A streak of azure light that was over around 1,000 feet in length swept forth, destroying all of the beasts in its path and clearing out a path for Han Li.

The magic power within Han Li's body surged forth in a frenzy, and he rushed through the throng of beasts as a streak of azure light, then vanished into the distance after just a few flashes.

Four hours later, Han Li reopened his eyes as he arrived in front of a giant seven-story rainbow pagoda. His expression was filled with incredulity and bewilderment as he examined the structure.

This was a giant pagoda that seemed to have been constructed from normal grey stone, and there was a massive eyeball-like crystal ball at the top of the tower.

There was a tightly shut stone gate that was around 100 feet tall on the first level of the pagoda, and around 500 meters away from Han Li, there were countless silver ruler projections destroying an endless wave of rainbow beasts.

"So the spatial node in this place was intentionally hidden; that's quite a smart strategy. It looks like I have no choice but to venture into this pagoda," Han Li murmured to himself before waving a hand through the air, and all of the ruler projections in the distance instantly vanished.

In the next instant, silver light flashed in his hand, and a short silver ruler appeared in his grasp.

He cast his gaze toward the giant crystal ball up above, then abruptly slashed his silver ruler toward the giant pagoda.

Spatial fluctuations surged forth, and a ruler projection that was over 100 feet in length emerged above the pagoda before crashing down with devastating might.

Just as the ruler projection was about to strike the crystal ball, a layer of rainbow runes suddenly appeared on the surface of the pagoda, and the ruler projection instantly vanished upon making contact with this layer of runes.

Han Li's expression changed slightly upon seeing this. He hadn't intentionally made the ruler projection disappear; it had been taken by the restriction on the pagoda.

"I see, this pagoda is a manifestation of the pagoda treasure on the outside, so there won't be any way for me to destroy it," Han Li murmured to himself in a resigned manner.

Azure light then flashed from his body again as he slowly drifted toward the foot of the stone pagoda.

Before even reaching the pagoda, Han Li thrust a hand toward the stone gate from afar, and a huge azure hand surfaced before crashing directly into the gate.

A dull thump rang out, and the stone gate was pushed open with ease, revealing a passageway that was radiating faint white light.

Han Li faltered slightly upon seeing this, but he continued onward and drifted straight into the entrance.

Beyond the stone gate was a path paved with bluestone, leading to another stone gate not far up ahead.

Blue light flashed through Han Li's eyes as he tried to see directly through the stone gate with his spirit eye ability, but after his spirit eyes penetrated only around a foot into the gate, a layer of golden light suddenly erupted forth.

Han Li's eyes were immediately struck by a burst of sharp pain, and there was a peculiar suction force that was making it impossible for him to withdraw his gaze.

Han Li was quite alarmed by this, and he reflexively activated his Great Development Technique with all his might. A cool and refreshing sensation surged toward his eyes, and only then was he just barely able to withdraw his gaze. At the same time, an azure figure appeared before him to shield him from the golden light.

Even so, Han Li's back had become drenched in cold sweat.

He had seen very few restrictions that were as powerful as this one, and that harrowing experience completely rid him of any hint of complacency that he had harbored in his heart.

As for the azure figure that had suddenly appeared, that was none other than the spirit body formed by the immortal zoysia.

After contemplating the situation for a moment, he swept a sleeve through the air to release his 13 Purple-striped Gold Devouring Beetles, which revolved in the air above his head along with his 72 azure flying swords.

He then flipped his hands over, and the short silver ruler instantly vanished, only to be replaced by two small mountains, one black and one azure.

> Source: https://novelsonline.org/a-record-of-a-mortals-journey-to-immortality/chapter-1922
> Pulled as original English (novelsonline).
